10 degree
10 o.clock
11 o.clock
1.2 additional
12.month follow.up
12 o.clock
1.5 dimensional
1 dimensional
1 o.clock
20 degree
2.column burst
2 o.clock
2 or
30 degree
3.column burst
3d image
3d revolutional
3.month follow.up
3 o.clock
3 or
3 thoracic
45 degree
4 dimensional
4 o.clock
4 or
5 o.clock
5 or
6.month follow.up
6 o.clock
6 or
7 o.clock
8 o.clock
90 degree
9 o.clock
a1 pulley
a1 segment
a2 pulley
a2 segment
a3 pulley
a4 pulley
a5 pulley
abdominal branch
abdominal fat
abdominal lymphatic
abdominal lymph
abdominal orifice
abdominal ostium
abdominal parietal
abdominal part
abdominal proper
abdominal segment
abdominal solid
abdominal wall
abducens nerve
abduction external
abductor digiti
abductor hallucis
abductor pollicis
aberrant cervical
aberrant thoracic
ablation track
abnormal accumulation
abnormal implant
abnormal signal
abnormal uptake
absence of
absent bow
absent collecting
absent gastric
absent inferior
absent liver
absorbable gelatin
abuts capsule
abuts hepatic
abuts portal
accentuation of
accessory atlantoaxial
accessory basal
accessory branch
accessory cephalic
accessory cuneate
accessory cusp
accessory cystic
accessory left
accessory medullary
accessory nerve
accessory nucleus
accessory obturator
accessory oculomotor
accessory pancreatic
accessory paramedian
accessory parathyroid
accessory parotid
accessory root
accessory short
accessory thyroid
accessory vertebral
acellular anatomical
acinar cell
acinar stroma
acl graft
acquired tufted
acquisition field
acromial angle
acromial branch
acromial end
acromial part
acromioclavicular branch
acromion proper
activity at
acute disseminated
acute external
acute flexion
acute interstitial
acute kyphosis
acute marginal
acute serous
acute tubular
additional area
additional body
additional spinal
additional vessel
adductor brevis
adductor canal
adductor hallucis
adductor longus
adductor magnus
adductor pollicis
adenoid cystic
adenomatoid odontogenic
aditus ad
adjacent to
adjustable gastric
adrenal cortical
adult respiratory
advanced analytic
advanced perceptual
adventitia of
afferent glomerular
afferent loop
aggregated lymphoid
aggressive infantile
air bronchogram
air crescent
air esophagram
air gap
ala lobuli
ala of
alar part
alkaline reflux
allergic bronchopulmonary
allergic or
alleviation of
almost certainly
almost entirely
alveolar arch
alveolar canal
alveolar foramen
alveolar part
alveolar yokes
alveus of
amiculum of
amniotic fluid
amount of
ampulla of
ampullary bony
ampullary crest
ampullary cupula
ampullary groove
ampullary membranous
amygdalopiriform transition
amyotrophic lateral
anal part
anaplastic thyroid
anastomosing meningeal
anastomotic branch
anatomical border
anatomical boundary
anatomical compartment
anatomical conduit
anatomical line
anatomically.specified blood
anatomical neck
anatomical transverse
anatomic space
anchored anatomical
ancillary features
androgen ablation
aneursymal bone
angelchik antireflux
angel wings
angiography image
angled wire
angle of
angular artery
angular longitudinal
angular notch
angular tube
annular element
annular ligament
annular pulley
annular recess
annular tear
anodal lymphatic
anomaly of
anorectal lymphatic
anorectal lymph
ansa and
ansa lenticularis
ansa of
ansiform lobule
anteater nose
anterior abdominal
anterior accessory
anterior ampullary
anterior amygdaloid
anterior area
anterior articular
anterior atlantoaxial
anterior attachment
anterior auricular
anterior band
anterior basal
anterior belly
anterior body
anterior bony
anterior branch
anterior bundle
anterior cardiac
anterior caudate
anterior cecal
anterior cell
anterior cerebellar
anterior cerebral
anterior cervical
anterior chamber
anterior chest
anterior choroidal
anterior ciliary
anterior cingulate
anterior circumflex
anterior clinoid
anterior cochlear
anterior column
anterior commissure
anterior communicating
anterior compartment
anterior component
anterior conjunctival
anterior cord
anterior corticospinal
anterior costotransverse
anterior cranial
anterior cruciate
anterior cutaneous
anterior deep
anterior diaphragmatic
anterior division
anterior drawer
anterior elbow
anterior ends
anterior ethmoidal
anterior ethmoid
anterior fascicle
anterior female
anterior fibromuscular
anterior fold
anterior forceps
anterior fornix
anterior gastric
anterior genu
anterior glandular
anterior gluteal
anterior horn
anterior humeral
anterior hypothalamic
anterior ileocolic
anterior inferior
anterior intercavernous
anterior intercondylar
anterior intercostal
anterior intermeniscal
anterior intermuscular
anterior internal
anterior interosseous
anterior interventricular
anterior intraoccipital
anterior jugular
anterior junction
anterior lacrimal
anterior lamina
anterior lateral
anterior ligament
anterior limb
anterior lip
anterior lobe
anterior lobule
anterior long
anterior longitudinal
anteriorly migrating
anterior margin
anterior medial
anterior median
anterior mediastinal
anterior medullary
anterior membranous
anterior meningeal
anterior meniscofemoral
anterior nasal
anterior nerve
anterior notch
anterior nuclear
anterior nucleus
anterior obturator
anterior occipitoatlantal
anterior olfactory
anterior orbital
anterior osteomeatal
anterior palpebral
anterior pancreaticoduodenal
anterior paracentral
anterior paraolfactory
anterior pararenal
anterior parietal
anterior part
anterior pectoral
anterior perforated
anterior perforating
anterior perirenal
anterior perisplenic
anterior periventricular
anterior pontomesencephalic
anterior portion
anterior process
anterior profile
anterior prostatic
anterior pubic
anterior quadrangular
anterior radiation
anterior radicular
anterior ramus
anterior recess
anterior region
anterior renal
anterior rootlet
anterior root
anterior sacrococcygeal
anterior sacroiliac
anterior scalene
anterior segmental
anterior segment
anterior semicircular
anterior septal
anterior short
anterior spinal
anterior spinocerebellar
anterior sternoclavicular
anterior suboccipital
anterior sulcal
anterior sulcus
anterior superficial
anterior superior
anterior surface
anterior talocalcaneal
anterior talofibular
anterior temporal
anterior thalamic
anterior thalamoperforating
anterior tibial
anterior tibiofibular
anterior tibiotalar
anterior tracheal
anterior transverse
anterior triangle
anterior tributary
anterior trunk
anterior tubercle
anterior tympanic
anterior ulnar
anterior vagal
anterior vein
anterior ventrolateral
anterior vertebral
anterior vestibular
anterior wall
anterior zone
anteroinferior iliac
anteroinferior popliteomeniscal
antero.inferior surface
anteroinferior zone
anterolateral auditory
anterolateral band
anterolateral border
anterolateral central
anterolateral corticospinal
anterolateral diaphragmatic
anterolateral medullary
anterolateral pontine
anterolateral recess
anterolateral surface
anterolateral system
anteromedial band
anteromedial basal
anteromedial branch
anteromedial central
anteromedial frontal
anteromedial recess
anteromedial surface
anteromedian medullary
anteromedian pontine
anteroposterior external
anteroposterior internal
anteroposterior oblique
anteroposterior tangential
antero.septal wall
anterosuperior common
anterosuperior iliac
anterosuperior surface
anterosuperior zone
anteroventral cochlear
anteroventral periventricular
anti.mesenteric border
antimesenteric border
antral bowing
antral mucosal
antral pad
antrum of
aortic dissection
aortic nipple
aortic swallowing
aortopulmonary lymph
apatite.associated destructive
ap axial
aperture of
apex of
apex proper
apical foramen
apical lordotic
apical odontoid
apical part
apical segmental
apical segment
apicoposterior segmental
apicoposterior segment
aplasia of
aponeurosis of
apophyseal ring
apparent diffusion
appendicular lymphatic
appendicular lymph
approximal surface
ap supine
arachnoid barrier
arbitrary subdivision
arbor vitae
arch of
arcuate branch
arcuate ligament
arcuate line
arcuate nucleus
arcuate popliteal
arcuate process
arcuate pubic
arcuate renal
arcuate vein
area of
area postrema
areola of
areolar connective
arm pedaling
arrhythmogenic right
arterial branch
arterial cut.off
arterial phase
arterial tree
arterioportal or
artery of
arthritis of
arthroplasty device
arthroplasty implant
articular branch
articular capsule
articular cartilage
articular disc
articular disk
articular facet
articularis genu
articular part
articular process
articular segment
articular surface
articulation of
artifact correction
artifact or
artifact related
aryepiglottic part
arytenoid articular
ascending branch
ascending cervical
ascending colon
ascending frontal
ascending glandular
ascending limb
ascending lumbar
ascending palatine
ascending pharyngeal
ascending ramus
ascending thin
ascending tract
ascending vasa
aspiration of
assess treatment
assisted primary
astrocytoma who
asymmetric 2
asymmetric tubular
asymptomatic calcium
atretic follicle
atrial branch
atrial septal
atrioventricular branch
atrium of
attachment to
attempted imaging
attenuation correction
atypical ductal
atypical lobular
atypical small
atypical teratoid
auditory association
auditory commissure
auricular branch
auricularis anterior
auricularis posterior
auricularis superior
automated bolus
automated implantable
automatic bolus
automatic exposure
autonomic nerve
autonomic nervous
avascular necrosis
average intensity
average value
av groove
avulsed bone
avulsed meniscal
axial ct
axial pedicular
axial rolled
axial scan
axillary lymph
axillary mass
axillary nerve
axillary pouch
axillary recess
axillary region
axiolateral oblique
azygous continuation
b6 bronchus
background parenchymal
back of
bacterial infectious
bacterial overgrowth
balloon cell
balloon dilatation
balloon dilation
balloon pressure
balloon tamponade
band of
bare area
bare orbit
barium contrast
barium sulfate
bartholin gland
basal amygdaloid
basal ganglion
basal lamina
basal layer
basal nucleus
basal part
basal segmental
basal surface
basal ventral
basal zone
base of
basic analytical
basic perceptual
basilar part
basivertebral venous
basolateral subdivision
beaded septum
beak sign
beam hardening
bear paw
beaten brass
bell.shaped ureter
belly of
benign epithelial
benign odontogenic
benign prostatic
best estimated
between sections
between.view motion
bevel needle
biceps brachii
biceps branch
biceps femoris
bicipital groove
bicuspid heart
bifurcation of
big rib
biliary bypass
biliopancreatic diversion
billroth ii
billroth i
biphasic synovial
bird.apos.s beak
birds nest
blackett healy
black pleura
bladder ear
bland thrombus
blind loop
blind pouch
blister of
blood pool
blood products
blood vessel
blueberry muffin
body cavity
body compartment
body habitus
body of
body part
body region
body rotation
body substance
body surface
bolus of
bolus triggering
bona fide
bone bruise
bone forming
bone graft
bone in
bone marrow
bone mineralization
bone of
bone pathophysiologic
bone proper
bone.scan double
bones of
bone stimulator
bone structures
bony part
bony structure
boot.shaped heart
border of
bounce point
bowel motility
bowler hat
bow tie
brachial fascia
brachialis branch
brachioradialis branch
brachium of
branch of
branch to
breast implant
bridging vascular
broad based
broad ligament
brodmann area
bronchial branch
bronchial wall
broncho.aortic constriction
bronchopulmonary lymph
brownian movement
bruce protocol
brunner gland
buccal branch
buccal cusp
buccal fat
buccal root
buccal salivary
buccal surface
buccinator lymph
buccopharyngeal part
bulb of
bulbospongiosus branch
bulges capsule
bulging fissure
bulging tumor
bull.apos.s.eye falciform
bull.apos.s.eye sign
bullet and
bullet.shaped vertebra
bursa of
button sequestrum
c1 branch
c1 pulley
c1 segment
c2 branch
c2 pulley
c2 root
c2 segment
c3 branch
c3 pulley
c3 root
c3 segment
c3 vertebral
c4 branch
c4 root
c4 segment
c4segment of
c4 vertebral
c5 branch
c5 dorsal
c5 root
c5 segment
c5 ventral
c5 vertebral
c6 branch
c6 dorsal
c6 root
c6 segment
c6 ventral
c6 vertebral
c7 branch
c7 dorsal
c7 root
c7 segment
c7 ventral
c7 vertebral
c8 branch
c8 dorsal
c8 nucleus
c8 part
c8 root
c8 segment
c8 ventral
cadmium zinc
calcaneocuboid part
calcaneonavicular part
calcarine spur
calcifications in
calcifications outside
calcifying epithelial
calcifying odontogenic
calcium hydroxyapatite
calcium pyrophosphate
calculated attenuation
calyceal crescent
calyx of
camp coventry
canal for
canalicular part
canalicular segment
canaliculus for
canal of
cancellous bone
cancellous ulcer
cancer of
candy cane
canine fossa
canine groove
capillary lamina
capillary of
capitellar fossa
capitellum of
capitulum of
capsular perforating
capsule appearance
capsule of
capture equipment
carbon dioxide
carbon monoxide
carcinoid heart
carcinoma ex
carcinoma in
cardiac blur
cardiac branch
cardiac double
cardiac esophageal
cardiac impression
cardiac navigator
cardiac notch
cardiac orifice
cardiac pacing
cardiac rhythm
cardia of
cardinal body
cardinal free
cardinal organ
cardinal segment
cardinal tissue
cardiogenic pulmonary
cardiophrenic angle
carman meniscus
carotid cavernous
carotid sinus
carotid string
carotid wall
carpal articular
carpal bridge
carpal tunnel
cartesian k.space
cartilage of
cartilaginous external
cartilaginous part
category 1
category 2
category 3
catheter portion
caudal aspect
caudal auditory
caudal central
caudal linear
caudal lobe
caudal pancreatic
caudal part
caudal pontine
caudal segment
caudate lobe
caudate process
caudomedial auditory
cavernous branch
cavernous plexus
caviness neocortex
cavity of
cavity proper
cavum septi
cecal surface
cecal tributary
celery stalk
celiac branch
celiac lymphatic
celiac lymph
celiac nerve
cell group
cell nest
cell part
cellular layer
cement of
central amygdaloid
central bundle
central canal
central central
central dorsal
central dot
central gelatinous
central gland
central glandular
central gray
central lateral
central lobule
central lucency
central medial
central medullary
central nervous
central nucleus
central oculomotor
central odontogenic
central part
central pontine
central precommissural
central radiation
central region
central reticular
central retinal
central segment
central spinal
central stripe
central superior
central tegmental
central venous
central zone
centric k.space
ceramic surgical
ceratopharyngeal part
cerebellar fossa
cerebellar olivary
cerebellarpontine angle
cerebellar segment
cerebellar tonsillar
cerebellum segment
cerebral association
cerebral blood
cerebral cortex
cerebral fossa
cerebral hemisphere
cerebral nerve
cerebral part
cerebral projection
cerebral segment
cerebral surface
cerebral white
cerebrospinal fluid
certainty of
cervical branch
cervical cardiac
cervical enlargement
cervical intervertebral
cervical lymph
cervical part
cervical portion
cervical segment
cervical spinal
cervical spine
cervical subsegment
cervical sympathetic
cervical vertebral
cervicothoracic.brachial compartment
cervicothoracic spine
cervix of
chamber of
chassard lapine
chausse ii
check ligament
chemical shift
chemotherapy reconstitution
chest abdomen
chest tube
chest wall
chiari malformation
chiasmatic branch
chondropharyngeal part
chorda tympani
chordoid glioma
choroidal branch
choroid of
choroid plexus
chromium.51 sodium
chromium diethyl
chromium.labeled red
chronic acalculous
chronic arthritis
chronic fibrosing
chronic infiltrative
chronic intestinal
chronic obstructive
chronic sclerosing
chronic symmetric
ciliary bundle
ciliary gland
ciliary margin
ciliary part
ciliary zonule
ciliated columnar
ciliated stratified
cingular branch
cingulum of
circle of
circular fibers
circular fold
circular layer
circularly polarized
circular muscle
circular spect
circumflex coronary
circumflex humeral
circumflex iliac
circumflex pontine
circumflex scapular
circumventricular organ
cisternal portion
cisternal segment
clamp pressure
claustral amygdaloid
clavicular branch
clavicular head
clavicular part
clay shoveler.apos.s
clear cell
clear space
cleland ligament
clements nakayama
clenched fist
clinical crown
clinical information
clinically significant
clinical root
clinical significance
clipped or
clival venous
clivus branch
clock face
closed loop
closed mouth
clostridium difficile
closure device
clustered ring
cluster.of.grapes sign
coarctation of
coarse heterogeneous
coaxial access
cobra head
coccygeal segment
coccygeal spinal
coccygeal spine
coccygeal sympathetic
cochlear area
cochlear branch
cochlear communicating
cochlear nuclear
cocktail sausage
coeliac branch
coeliacoduodenal part
coffee bean
cog of
coiled tube
colcher sussman
cold pressor
colic impression
colic lymphatic
colic lymph
colitis cystica
collapsing cord
collateral branch
collateral ligament
collateral segment
collateral trigone
collateral vein
collecting duct
collecting system
collicular part
colliculus of
collimator energy
colon cutoff
colon loop
color doppler
columnar epithelium
column of
combination of
combined posterior
comet.tail artifact
comet tail
commissural nucleus
commissural white
commissure of
common belly
common bile
common bony
common carotid
common cochlear
common digital
common extensor
common femoral
common flexor
common foramen
common hepatic
common iliac
common interosseous
common membranous
common modiolar
common nasal
common palmar
common peroneal
common temporal
common tendinous
common tendon
communicating branch
communicating nerve
communicating vein
compact part
compartment of
complete clinical
complete imaging
complex cystic
compound exocrine
compound tubuloacinar
compression of
compression repair
compressor urethrae
concentric annular
concentric ring
conchal crest
concha proper
condylar fossa
condylar segment
condyle of
cone.beam effect
cones k.space
confluence of
confluent fibrosis
congenital aganglionosis
congenital anomaly
congenital cardiovascular
congenital chromosomal
congenital diaphragmatic
congenital dilatation
congenital hepatic
congenital inclusion
congenitally biscuspid
conjunctival branch
conjunctival ring
conjunctival tributary
connective tissue
connective tissueof
constant angle
constriction zone
contact zone
content of
continent ileostomy
continuous breathing
continuous data
continuous diaphragm
continuously rotating
continuous table
contoured spect
contracting cord
contrast bubble
conus branch
conventional gradient
conventional spin
converging line
convoluted portion
cookie cutter
cooper.apos.s ligament
coracobrachialis branch
coracoid process
cord of
corduroy cloth
core auditory
core needle
core region
corkscrew bowel
corneoscleral part
cornu of
coronary artery
coronary ischemia
coronoid fossa
coronoid process
corpus albicans
corpus luteum
corrugator supercilii
cortex of
cortex proper
cortical amygdaloid
cortical basal
cortical bone
cortical erosion
cortical radial
cortical ring
cortical tributary
corticocancellous bone
corticomedial subdivision
corticospinal tract
costal cartilage
costal surface
costal tuberosity
costotransverse process
cotton wool
counts per
cowper duct
cracked walnut
cranial accessory
cranial arachnoid
cranial conduit
cranial dura
cranial leptomeningeal
cranial nerve.tract
cranial parasympathetic
cranial part
cranial pia
cranial root
cranial sensory
cranial synovial
craniocaudal exaggerated
craniofacial body
craniospinal sensory
create teaching
cremaster muscle
crest of
cribriform area
cricothyroid branch
cross.sectional attenuation
cross.sectional procedure
cross table
crowded carpal
crown of
cruciate pulley
cruciform eminence
crus of
crypt of
cryptogenic organizing
crystal induced
csf in
cs rod
ct angiogram
ct arrowhead
ct attenuation
ct bore
ct detector
ct dose
ct exposure
ct fan.beam
ct image
ct motion
ct primary
ct procedure
ct projection
ct reconstruction
ct revolutional
ct scan
ct scanning
ct source.detector
ct source.isocenter
ct x.ray
cubital tunnel
culmen of
cuneate fasciculus
cuneate nucleus
cuneocerebellar tract
cupid bow
cupula of
cupular part
curlicue ureter
curved array
curved linear
curved planar
cusp of
cutaneous branch
cutaneous tributary
cyclic encoding
cyclic flow
cystic adventitial
cystic duct
cystic lymphatic
cystic lymph
cystic mucinous
cystic partially
cystodiathermy of
cytomegalic inclusion
danelius miller
dark internal
data error
death related
death unrelated
debakey type
declive of
decreased in
decubitus bilateral
decussation of
deep auricular
deep band
deep brachial
deep brain
deep branch
deep buccal
deep cerebral
deep cervical
deep circumflex
deep communicating
deep deltoid
deep dorsal
deep extrinsic
deep facial
deep fascia
deep femoral
deep flexor
deep gray
deep grey
deep head
deep infrapatellar
deep intratendinous
deep investing
deep lateral
deep layer
deep limb
deep lingual
deep lymph
deep medial
deep middle
deep muscle
deep muscular
deep musculature
deep needle
deep nerve
deep palmar
deep parotid
deep part
deep perineal
deep peroneal
deep petrosal
deep posterior
deep postvertebral
deep pyramidal
deep subtendinous
deep sulcus
deep temporal
deep tendon
deep thenar
deep transverse
deep trigonal
deep vein
deep white
definite benign
deflected calyx
deforming nonerosive
degenerative brain
delayed phase
deltoid branch
deltoid ligament
deltoid tributary
deltoid tuberosity
dementia with
demineralized bone
dense endoabdominal
dense endopelvic
dense irregular
dense metaphyseal
dense regular
dense vessel
densocellular part
dental alveoli
dental branch
dental papilla
dental pulp
dentate gyrus
dentine of
denture prosthetic
denture retention
denver shunt
dependent viscera
depression of
depressor anguli
depressor labii
depressor septi
depressor supercilii
descending branch
descending colon
descending genicular
descending limb
descending palatine
descending thin
descending thoracic
descending tract
descending vasa
desmoplastic infantile
desmoplastic small
desquamative interstitial
detector head
detector motion
determine device
deuel halo
deviated descending
device placement
device repositioning
diagnostic tissue
diameter of
diamond needle
diaphragmatic branch
diaphragmatic constriction
diaphragmatic lymph
diaphragmatic surface
diaphragm functional
diaphragm navigator
diaphysis of
diaphysis proper
diastolic washout
different organ
diffuse axonal
diffuse esophageal
diffuse idiopathic
diffuse intimal
diffusely increased
diffuse mucosa.associated
diffuse orbital
diffuse reticular
diffuse skin
diffusion tensor
diffusion.weighted image
digastric fossa
digital image
digital images
dilated transverse
dilation and
dilation of
dilation procedure
dilator of
diploic branch
direct inguinal
direct lateral
direct pancreatic
direct skin
disappearing basal
disappearing ellipse
discarded string
disc height
discoid lateral
discoid medial
discrete fourier
discrete table
disease origin
disorder caused
disorder due
disorder of
displaced complex
displaced crus
displaced retroperitoneal
displaced spinolaminar
displaces portal
disruptive diaphragmatic
dissecting aortic
dissipated part
distal band
distal circumflex
distal convoluted
distal cusp
distal deep
distal end
distal epiphysis
distal esophageal
distal fovea
distal free
distal interphalangeal
distal intestinal
distal lateral
distal left
distal medial
distal metaphysis
distal part
distal phalanx
distal pole
distal prostatic
distal radioulnar
distal region
distal right
distal root
distal segment
distal superficial
distal superior
distal surface
distal tendon
distal third
distal zone
distance from
distended common
distobuccal cusp
distolingual cusp
distopalatal cusp
distorts hepatic
divergent spinous
division of
dog.apos.s ear
dog leg
dome of
dorsal accessory
dorsal acoustic
dorsal band
dorsal branch
dorsal calcaneocuboid
dorsal carpal
dorsal column.medial
dorsal column
dorsal compartment
dorsal cuneocuboid
dorsal decubitus
dorsal digital
dorsal external
dorsal extrinsic
dorsal fasciculus
dorsal funiculus
dorsal gigantocellular
dorsal gray
dorsal hypothalamic
dorsal intercarpal
dorsal intercuneiform
dorsal intermediate
dorsal intermetatarsal
dorsal interossei
dorsal interosseous
dorsal lamella
dorsal ligament
dorsal lingual
dorsal lobe
dorsal longitudinal
dorsal median
dorsal medullary
dorsal meningeal
dorsal motor
dorsal nail
dorsal nasal
dorsal naviculocuboid
dorsal nerve
dorsal nucleus
dorsal oculomotor
dorsal pancreatic
dorsal paragigantocellular
dorsal paramedian
dorsal paraventricular
dorsal part
dorsal pedal
dorsal periolivary
dorsal premammillary
dorsal radiocarpal
dorsal radioulnar
dorsal raphe
dorsal root
dorsal scapular
dorsal segment
dorsal sensory
dorsal septal
dorsal spinocerebellar
dorsal subdivision
dorsal supraoptic
dorsal surface
dorsal talonavicular
dorsal tegmental
dorsal thoracic
dorsal tributary
dorsal trigeminal
dorsal triquetroscaphoid
dorsal triquetrotrapezial
dorsal triquetrotrapezoid
dorsal tubercle
dorsal ulnocarpal
dorsal vascular
dorsal vein
dorsal white
dorsolateral nucleus
dorsolateral part
dorsolateral prefrontal
dorsolateral segment
dorsolateral sulcus
dorsolateral zone
dorsomedial hypothalamic
dorsomedial nucleus
dorsomedial part
dorsomedial segment
dorsum of
dose area
dot and
double bleb
double bronchial
double bubble
double cava
double.column acetabulum
double condom
double contour
double.contrast barium
double decidual
double duct
double outline
double popliteus
double posterior
double spinous
double track
draped aorta
dripping candle
drooping lily
drooping shoulder
drowned hilus
drug delivery
dual.energy subtraction
dual energy
dual.tuned detection
dual.tuned transmission
dublap swanson
ductal precontrast
ductal wall
duct of
duodenal impression
duodenal part
duodenal wind
dural tail
dural venous
dura mater
duration of
dynamic compression
dynamic contrast.enhanced
dynamic ct
dynamic nuclear
dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial
dysgenesis of
dysplastic gangliocytoma
each additional
early arterial
early filling
early hepatic
early phase
early venous
echo planar
ectopic gastric
ectopic pancreatic
edge blurring
edge enhancement
edge or
edge smearing
effect of
efferent glomerular
efferent loop
eighth anterior
eighth cervical
eighth intercostal
eighth thoracic
eight thoracic
eleventh intercostal
eleventh thoracic
elliptical centric
elliptical spect
embolization track
embryonal cell
embryonal neuroepithelial
eminentia fossa
emissary sphenoidal
empiric reconstitution
empty delta
empty mediastinum
emulsion containing
enamel of
encapsulated air
encapsulated perfluorocarbon
end colostomy
endocavitary annular
endocavitary curved
endocavitary linear
endocavitary mechanical
endocavitary phased
endolymphatic sac
endometrium of
endoscopic laser
endoscopic retrograde
endosteal cortical
endothelium of
endovascular papillary
endovenous laser
endplate marrow
endplate of
energy applied
enhancing central
enhancing internal
enlarged parietal
enlargement of
enteric nervous
enterprise id
entrance air
entrance skin
entry of
ependymal layer
ependyma of
ependyma proper
ependymoma who
epicardial fat
epicardial pacemaker
epicolic lymphatic
epicolic lymph
epicondyle of
epidural venous
epimysium of
epiphysis of
epipial layer
epiploic appendage
episcleral layer
episcleral space
epithelioid cell
epithelioid peripheral
epithelium.associated lymphoid
epithelium of
epithelium proper
eponychium of
erased charcoal
erector spinae
erlenmeyer flask
esophageal branch
esophageal constriction
esophageal devascularization
esophageal impression
esophageal intramural
esophageal lymph
esophageal part
esophageal replacement
esophageal segment
esophageal tube
esophageal varices
essential mixed
ethmoidal crest
ethmoidal notch
even echo
exaggerated craniocaudal
excretory duct
exercise stress
exit of
exocrine anastomotic
expiratory breathhold
extended field
extension and
extensor aponeurosis
extensor carpi
extensor coccygis
extensor digiti
extensor digitorum
extensor hallucis
extensor hood
extensor indicis
extensor pollicis
extensor tendon
external abdominal
external acoustic
external anal
external auditory
external branch
external carotid
external granular
external iliac
external jugular
external laryngeal
external longitudinal
external medullary
external muscle
external nasal
external nucleus
external occipital
external opening
external palatine
external part
external pyramidal
external rotation
external sphincter
external surface
external urethral
extra.articular segment
extracapsular breast
extraconal space
extracranial segment
extraction of
extra head
extrahepatic biliary
extrahepatic branch
extrahepatic portal
extra.laryngeal branch
extralobular stroma
extraocular muscle
extraocular part
extraosseous component
extrapleural air
extraprostatic part
extraventricular part
extreme fibroglandular
extrinsic ligament
extrinsic muscle
extrinsic wrist
f4. abnormal.highly
facet for
facet joint
facet of
facet region
facial area
facial lymph
facial nerve
failed back
falciform ligament
falciform process
fallen fragment
fallopian tube
false vocal
familial aplasia
far lateral
fascial septum
fascial sheath
fascia of
fascia organ
fasciculus cuneatus
fasciculus gracilis
fasciculus of
fast fourier
fast gradient
fast initial
fat c2
fat halo
fat pad
fat ring
fatty layer
faulty instrument
fdg.pet standardized
feeding tube
feeding vessel
feet first
female anterior
female body
female breast
female chest
female external
female genital
female human
female internal
female superficial
female trunk
female urethral
femoral branch
femoral triangle
ferric ammonium
ferromagnetic implant
fetal biophysical
fetal non.stress
fiat anatomical
fibers of
fibrin sheath
fibrocartilaginous ring
fibroelastic component
fibroelastic membrane
fibrolamellar hepatocellular
fibromuscular part
fibrous adventitia
fibrous capsule
fibrous connective
fibrous layer
fibular collateral
fibular facet
fibular segment
fickle finger
fifth anterior
fifth cervical
fifth common
fifth intercostal
fifth interspinalis
fifth lateral
fifth lumbar
fifth medial
fifth metacarpal
fifth posterior
fifth sacral
fifth thoracic
figure 3
figure 8
figure e
filum terminale
fimbria of
final report
fine linear
fine line
fine pleomorphic
first anterior
first belly
first cervical
first coccygeal
first common
first diagonal
first distal
first dorsal
first generation
first intercostal
first interspinalis
first jejunal
first lateral
first left
first lumbar
first lumbrical
first medial
first mediastinal
first metacarpal
first palmar
first part
first posterior
first posterolateral
first right
first sacral
first short
first superior
first tendon
first thoracic
fissure for
fissure ligamentum
fissure of
fixed delay
fixed detector
fixed tube
flame shaped
flank stripe
flared mandible
flat panel
flat tire
flat waist
fleischner sign
flexible diffuser
flexion distraction
flexor carpi
flexor digiti
flexor digitorum
flexor hallucis
flexor pollicis
flexor retinacula
flexor tendon
floating aorta
floating myodil
floating tooth
floating viscera
flocculonodular lobe
flocculus of
floor of
floppy thumb
flow direction
flow.induced .within.view.
flow.related ghost
flow separation
flow velocity
fluid.attenuated inversion
fluoroscopy image
focal amyloid
focal cortical
focal disc
focal dominant
focal hepatic
focal nodular
focal skin
focused ultrasound
fold of
folds of
folia of
folium of
follicle of
foot or
footplate of
foramen caecum
foramen of
foraminal spinal
forced dorsiflexion
foreign body
fornix of
fossa for
fossa of
fourth anterior
fourth belly
fourth cervical
fourth coccygeal
fourth common
fourth distal
fourth dorsal
fourth generation
fourth intercostal
fourth interspinalis
fourth lateral
fourth left
fourth lumbar
fourth lumbrical
fourth medial
fourth metacarpal
fourth palmar
fourth part
fourth posterior
fourth proper
fourth right
fourth sacral
fourth superior
fourth tendon
fourth thoracic
fovea of
fractional anisotropy
fracture healing
fragmented staghorn
free border
free edge
free limb
free lower
free margin
free upper
frenulum of
frontal and
frontal belly
frontal brain
frontal branch
frontal crest
frontal diploic
frontal eminence
frontal eye
frontal foramen
frontal horn
frontal lobe
frontal margin
frontal operculum
frontal orbital
frontal pole
frontal process
frontal segment
frontal tributary
frontoparietal brain
fronto parietal
frontotemporal brain
frostberg inverted.3
full ring
full thickness
fully constrained
functional area
functional disorder
functionally biscuspid
functional magnetic
fundus of
funiculus of
fuzzy fluid
gadoxetic acid
gallbladder inertia
gallbladder or
gallstone in
ganglionic branch
ganglionic layer
ganglion of
gantry tilt
gartner duct
gasless abdomen
gastric branch
gastric bubble
gastric cannonball
gastric feeding
gastric gland
gastric impression
gastric lymphatic
gastric lymph
gastric outlet
gastric part
gastric stump
gastroduodenal branch
gastro.epiploic lymph
gastrohepatic ligament
gastrointestinal stromal
gastrointestinal transit
gastro.omental lymphatic
gastrostomy.jejunostomy tube
gated nuclear
gating time
gaynor hart
gd scanning
gelatinous nucleus
gelatinous subnucleus
geniculum of
genital branch
genital system
genu of
geographic destruction
gerdy tubercle
germ cell
germinal epithelium
ge rod
gestational trophoblastic
ghost vertebrae
giant cell
gingival branch
gland of
glands of
glandular branch
glandular columnar
glandular part
glandular peripheral
glans of
glenohumeral branch
glenohumeral joint
glenoidal rim
glenoid cavity
glomerular filtration
glossopharyngeal nerve
glossopharyngeal part
gloved finger
gluteal branch
gluteal lymphatic
gluteal lymph
gluteus maximus
gluteus medius
gluteus minimus
golden s
golf ball.on.tee
gonadal dysgenesis
gorham vanishing
gracile fasciculus
gracile nucleus
gracilis tendon
grade i
grade ii
grade iii
grade iv
gradient amplifier
gradient and
gradient digitization
gradient moment
gradient nonlinearity
gradient power
graft versus
granular cell
granular layer
gravitational shift
gray commissure
gray communicating
gray matter
gray ramus
grayson ligament
great auricular
great cardiac
great cerebral
greater anterior
greater curvature
greater horn
greater occipital
greater omentum
greater palatine
greater pelvic
greater petrosal
greater posterior
greater saphenous
greater sciatic
greater supraclavicular
greater than
greater thoracic
greater trochanteric
greater trochanter
greater tubercle
greater tuberosity
greater tympanic
greater vestibular
greater wing
great pancreatic
groove for
groove of
ground glass
group iii
group ii
group i
group iv
growing calculus
growth rate
g..tube to
guide wire
gull wing
gut.associated lymphoid
gyrus descendens
gyrus of
half field.of.view
half moon
halo sign
hamartoma of
hamate facet
hampton hump
hamulus of
handle of
hardware image
head and
head first
head location
head of
head pathophysiologic
head proper
head region
heel pad
helical ct
helical interpolation
helical scan
helicis major
helicis minor
helicobacter pylori
hematopoietic proliferative
hemisphere of
hemolytic uremic
henschen schuller
hepatic angle
hepatic biliary
hepatic branch
hepatic fat
hepatic flexure
hepatic lymphatic
hepatic lymph
hepatic portal
hepatic proper
hepatic wedge
hepatobiliary contrast
hepatobiliary phase
hepatoportal lymphatic
hepatoportal lymph
hepatovenous segment
hereditary cerebellar
hereditary multiple
herniated mediastinal
hernia through
heterogeneous anatomical
heterogeneous background
heterogeneous fibroglandular
heterogeneous internal
heterogeneous mass
hiatus for
hiatus of
hide.bound bowel
high.attenuating crescent
high collimator
high energy
higher probability
highest mediastinal
highest nuchal
high.flow vascular
high grade
high intensity
high posterior
high signal
high suspicion
hiked.up renal
hilar branch
hill.sachs deformity
hilum convergence
hilum of
hilum overlay
hilus of
hindbrain segment
hirtz modification
histiocytic necrotizing
histiocytic or
histologically confirmed
hollow tree
holly leaf
homogeneous background
homogeneous internal
homogeneous marked
homogeneous mass
hook of
horizontal fissure
horizontal limb
horizontal long
horizontal plate
horizontal segment
hormonal pathophysiologic
horn of
hot air
hot cross
hot nose
hounsfield unit
human life
humeral avulsion
humeral head
humeroulnar head
hyaline cartilage
hybrid k.space
hybrid nuclear
hyperattenuating crescent
hyperlucent hemithorax
hypernephroma halo
hypertrophic nonobstructive
hypertrophic obstructive
hypertrophic olivary
hypertrophic pyloric
hypertrophy of
hypervolemic pulmonary
hypogastric branch
hypoglossal nerve
hyponichium of
hyponychium of
hypoplasia of
hypoplastic left
hypoproteinemic pulmonary
hypotensive nephrogram
hypothalamic branch
i.123 carcinoembryonic
i.123 sodium
i.125 human
ice cream
idiopathic pulmonary
ileal branch
ileal lymphatic
ileal lymph
ileal surface
ileal tributary
ileal ureter
ileocolic lymphatic
ileocolic lymph
iliac artery
iliac branch
iliac fascia
iliopsoas.gluteus medius
image acquisition
image.based parallel
image center
image display
image interpretation
image processing
images printed
images under
imaging acquisition
imaging domain
imaging observation
imaging procedure
imaging technique
imaging visualization
imaging with
imaging without
immaterial anatomical
impedance control
inappropriate manual
incidental imaging
incisal margin
incisive branch
incisive fossa
incisive suture
incomplete border
incomplete femoral
incomplete fissure
incomplete ring
incorrect accession
incorrect compensation
incorrect filter
incorrect marker
incorrect number
incorrect patient
increased intracranial
indefinite uterus
independent workstation
indeterminate or
indirect inguinal
indium.111 capromab
indium.111 imciromab
indium.111 satumomab
indium.111 white
indrawn pleura
inert dust
infantile dermal
infarction of
infection by
infectious or
inferior alveolar
inferior angle
inferior anterior
inferior aortic
inferior belly
inferior border
inferior branch
inferior bulb
inferior calcaneal
inferior cardiac
inferior central
inferior cerebellar
inferior cerebral
inferior cervical
inferior choroid
inferior cluneal
inferior compartment
inferior conjunctival
inferior constrictor
inferior dental
inferior diaphragmatic
inferior division
inferior duodenal
inferior epigastric
inferior extensor
inferior facet
inferior flap
inferior frontal
inferior ganglion
inferior gemellus
inferior gingival
inferior glandular
inferior glenohumeral
inferior gluteal
inferior head
inferior horn
inferior hypogastric
inferior hypophyseal
inferior ileocecal
inferior ileocolic
inferior infrapatellar
inferior internal
inferior ischial
inferior labial
inferior lamina
inferior laryngeal
inferior lateral
inferior left
inferior linear
inferior lingular
inferior longitudinal
inferior lumbar
inferior macular
inferior margin
inferior medial
inferior mediastinal
inferior medullary
inferior mental
inferior mesenteric
inferior mesial
inferior middle
inferior nasal
inferior nuchal
inferior oblique
inferior occipital
inferior occipitofrontal
inferior olivary
inferior opening
inferior ophthalmic
inferior orbital
inferior palpebral
inferior pancreatic
inferior pancreaticoduodenal
inferior para.aortic
inferior parietal
inferior part
inferior patellar
inferior petrosal
inferior phrenic
inferior pole
inferior posterior
inferior pre.aortic
inferior pubic
inferior pulmonary
inferior pulvinar
inferior radiation
inferior recess
inferior rectal
inferior rectus
inferior renal
inferior right
inferior root
inferior rotundal
inferior sagittal
inferior salivatory
inferior segmental
inferior segment
inferior semilunar
inferior sphincter
inferior subscapular
inferior subtendinous
inferior suprarenal
inferior surface
inferior synovial
inferior systemic
inferior tarsal
inferior temporal
inferior terminal
inferior thalamic
inferior thalamostriate
inferior thyroid
inferior tracheobronchial
inferior transverse
inferior trunk
inferior tympanic
inferior ulnar
inferior vena
inferior ventricular
inferior vermian
inferior vesical
inferior vestibular
inferior zone
inferolateral border
inferolateral surface
infero.lateral wall
inferolateral zone
inferomedial segment
inferomedial to
inferosuperior axial
infiltrates wall
infiltrative hepatocellular
inflammatory bowel
inflammatory cancer
inflammatory esophagogastric
inflammatory fibroid
inflammatory myofibroblastic
infraauricular lymph
infraclavicular lymph
infraclavicular part
infrahyoid branch
infrahyoid lymph
inframammary part
infra.orbital groove
infra.orbital margin
infrapatellar branch
infrapatellar fat
infrapatellar pad
infrascapular part
infraspinal part
infraspinatus muscle
infraspinous part
infratemporal crest
infratemporal fossa
infratemporal surface
infundibular recess
infundibulum of
inguinal fossa
inguinal lymph
inguinal part
initial enhancement
injury due
inner cortex
inner gland
inner granular
inner layer
inner limiting
inner medulla
inner molecular
inner muscle
inner nuclear
inner plexiform
inner region
inner sheath
inner spiral
inner stripe
inspiration expiration
inspiratory breathhold
insula cortex
insular segment
interalveolar septa
interarticular sacrococcygeal
interarytenoid part
interbundle region
intercalated amygdaloid
intercalated nucleus
intercarpal wrist
intercartilagenous part
intercondylar eminence
intercondylar part
intercondylar tubercle
intercostal bulging
interfascicular nucleus
interganglionic branch
interiliac lymphatic
interiliac lymph
interlobar artery
interlobar branch
interlobar lymph
interlobar renal
interlobar vein
interlobular artery
interlobular branch
interlobular renal
interlobular septal
interlobular stroma
interlobular vein
intermediate acoustic
intermediate analytical
intermediate belly
intermediate branch
intermediate cervical
intermediate colic
intermediate common
intermediate dorsal
intermediate external
intermediate femoral
intermediate gray
intermediate hypothalamic
intermediate ileal
intermediate jejunal
intermediate lateral
intermediate linear
intermediate lumbar
intermediate mesenteric
intermediate nail
intermediate nucleus
intermediate oculomotor
intermediate orbital
intermediate perceptual
intermediate periventricular
intermediate postvertebral
intermediate reticular
intermediate short
intermediate signal
intermediate supraclavicular
intermediate zone
intermediolateral cell
intermediomedial branch
intermembranous part
internal abdominal
internal air
internal anal
internal arcuate
internal auditory
internal basilar
internal branch
internal capsule
internal carotid
internal cerebral
internal circular
internal genu
internal granular
internal iliac
internal jugular
internal laryngeal
internal longitudinal
internally cooled
internally inserted
internal medullary
internal nasal
internal oblique
internal occipital
internal opening
internal part
internal pudendal
internal pyramidal
internal rotation
internal sphincter
internal surface
internal thoracic
internal zone
interossei muscle
interosseous branch
interosseous capitohamate
interosseous crest
interosseous cuneocuboid
interosseous intercarpal
interosseous intercuneiform
interosseous intermetatarsal
interosseous ligament
interosseous membrane
interosseous muscle
interosseous naviculocuboid
interosseous nerve
interosseous sacroiliac
interosseous talocalcaneal
interosseous trapeziocapitate
interphalangeal joint
interpolar part
interpretation with
interradicular septa
interscalene triangle
interscapular part
interstitial amygdaloid
interstitial gland
interstitial line
interstitial lung
interstitial nucleus
interstitial subdivision
interstitial tissue
intertendinous portion
intertragic notch
intertrochanteric crest
intertubercular region
intertubercular sheath
intertubercular sulcus
interval for
intervening anatomic
intervening foreign
interventional access
interventional procedure
interventional radiology
intervertebral disc
intervertebral level
intervertebral tributary
intestinal lymphatic
intestinal lymph
intestinal villus
intra.acinar stroma
intraaortic balloon
intraarticular osseous
intra.articular segment
intra.articular steroid.induced
intracapsular breast
intracapsular silicone
intracompartmental vasculature
intraconal space
intracranial branch
intracranial part
intracranial pressure
intraductal papillary
intraglandular lymph
intrahepatic bile
intrahepatic biliary
intrahepatic branch
intrahepatic gas
intrahepatic portal
intra lacrimal
intralaminar nuclear
intralaminar part
intralobular stroma
intramammary lymph
intramural part
intramural portion
intramuscular injection
intraocular part
intraosseous gas
intraosseous low
intraprostatic part
intrarenal segment
intrathecal contrast
intravascular phased
intravascular rotating
intra vas
intraventricular part
intravertebral vacuum
intrinsic ligament
intrinsic muscle
introitus of
invasion enhancement
inverted napoleon
inverted u
inverted v
investing abdominal
in vitro
in.vitro fertilization
iodinated contrast
iodine.123 phenylpentadecanoic
ionic gadolinium
ionic high.osmolality
ionic iodinated
ionic linear
ionic low.osmolality
ionic macrocyclic
iridial part
irregular connective
irritable bowel
ischemic heart
ischiocavernosus branch
island of
islet cell
iso. to
isthmus of
iterative partial
ivory phalanx
ivory vertebra
iv push
jejunal lymphatic
jejunal lymph
joint of
jugular lymphatic
jugular notch
jugular process
jugular tubercle
jugular venous
junction of
juvenile aponeurotic
juvenile ossifying
juvenile rheumatoid
juxta.arterial ileal
juxta.arterial jejunal
juxta.arterial mesenteric
juxta.ileal lymphatic
juxta.ileal lymph
juxta.ileal mesenteric
juxta.intestinal lymphatic
juxta.intestinal lymph
juxta.intestinal mesenteric
juxta.jejunal lymphatic
juxta.jejunal lymph
juxta.jejunal mesenteric
juxtaparacentral lobule
juxtaphrenic peak
juxtasellar segment
j wire
kemp harper
kerley a
kerley b
kerley c
kerma area
keyhole sign
kidney crescent
kinky chest
kissing sequestra
knee part
koniocellular layer
k.space.based parallel
kupffer cell
l1 branch
l1 root
l1 segment
l1 vertebral
l2 anterior
l2 branch
l2 posterior
l2 root
l2 segment
l2 vertebral
l3 anterior
l3 branch
l3 posterior
l3 root
l3 segment
l3 to
l3 vertebral
l4 anterior
l4 branch
l4 posterior
l4 root
l4 segment
l4 vertebral
l5 anterior
l5 branch
l5 root
l5 segment
l5 vertebral
labial branch
labial commissure
labial part
labial salivary
labial surface
labium majus
labium minus
labyrinthine segment
lace.like pattern
lacrimal branch
lacrimal groove
lacrimal margin
lacrimal nerve
lacrimal notch
lacrimal orbital
lactiferous gland
lacunar.molecular layer
lambda sign
lambdoid border
lamellated or
lamina cribosa
lamina iii
lamina ii
lamina i
lamina iv
lamina ix
lamina of
lamina propria
laminar flow
lamina septi
lamina terminalis
lamina viii
lamina vii
lamina vi
lamina v
lamina x
langerhans cell
language of
laquerriere pierquin
large body
large cell
large rod.like
laryngeal cartilage
laryngeal prominence
laryngopharyngeal branch
late arterial
late hepatic
lateral abdominal
lateral accessory
lateral ampullary
lateral amygdaloid
lateral angle
lateral antebrachial
lateral aortic
lateral aperture
lateral articular
lateral aspect
lateral atrial
lateral band
lateral basal
lateral belly
lateral bony
lateral border
lateral brachial
lateral branch
lateral bulboreticulospinal
lateral bundle
lateral c2
lateral calcaneal
lateral capsular
lateral caval
lateral cerebral
lateral cervical
lateral chest
lateral collateral
lateral column
lateral common
lateral compartment
lateral conal
lateral condylar
lateral condyle
lateral cord
lateral corticospinal
lateral costal
lateral crest
lateral cricoarytenoid
lateral crus
lateral cutaneous
lateral decubitus
lateral direct
lateral dorsal
lateral epicondyle
lateral external
lateral facet
lateral fasciculus
lateral femoral
lateral flexure
lateral frog
lateral frontobasal
lateral funiculus
lateral geniculate
lateral glandular
lateral globus
lateral glosso.epiglottic
lateral habenular
lateral head
lateral hyperextension
lateral hypothalamic
lateral inferior
lateral inguinal
lateral intercondylar
lateral intermuscular
lateral internal
lateral lamella
lateral lamina
lateral left
lateral lenticulostriate
lateral ligament
lateral lip
lateral lobe
lateral longitudinal
lateral lumbar
laterally displaced
laterally exaggerated
lateral mammary
lateral mammillary
lateral margin
lateral medullary
lateral membranous
lateral meniscopatellar
lateral mesencephalic
lateral muscular
lateral nail
lateral nasal
lateral nuclear
lateral nucleus
lateral oblique
lateral occipital
lateral occipitoatlantal
lateral olfactory
lateral orbital
lateral palpebral
lateral parabrachial
lateral paracolic
lateral paragigantocellular
lateral part
lateral patellar
lateral patellofemoral
lateral patellomeniscal
lateral patellotibial
lateral pectoral
lateral pericardial
lateral pericuneate
lateral periolivary
lateral perisplenic
lateral pes
lateral pharyngeal
lateral plantar
lateral pontine
lateral posterior
lateral preoptic
lateral process
lateral proper
lateral prostatic
lateral pterygoid
lateral pulvinar
lateral ramus
lateral raphespinal
lateral recess
lateral rectus
lateral region
lateral reticular
lateral reticulospinal
lateral retropharyngeal
lateral right
lateral root
lateral rostrotemporal
lateral rotation
lateral rotundal
lateral sacral
lateral sacrococcygeal
lateral segmental
lateral segment
lateral semicircular
lateral septal
lateral sesamoid
lateral spinothalamic
lateral spot
lateral subtendinous
lateral superficial
lateral superior
lateral supine
lateral supraclavicular
lateral sural
lateral surface
lateral talocalcaneal
lateral tarsal
lateral tectobulbar
lateral tendon
lateral terminal
lateral thoracic
lateral thyrohyoid
lateral tibial
lateral tributary
lateral tuberal
lateral ulnar
lateral umbilical
lateral vein
lateral vesical
lateral vesicular
lateral vestibular
lateral vestibulospinal
lateral wall
lateral zone
laterodorsal tegmental
lateromedial oblique
late venous
latissimus dorsi
lauenstein hickey
layer of
lead pipe
leafless tree
leaflet of
leaf of
least splanchnic
least thoracic
led breathing
left abducens
left abductor
left accessory
left acromioclavicular
left adductor
left adrenal
left alar
left angular
left anococcygeal
left ansa
left ansiform
left anterior
left anterodorsal
left anteroinferior
left anterolateral
left anteromedial
left anteroventral
left apical
left arcuate
left area
left arteria
left articularis
left ascending
left atrial
left auditory
left auriculotemporal
left axillary
left band
left basal
left base
left basilic
left bending
left biceps
left biventer
left brachial
left branch
left brodmann
left bronchial
left bronchopulmonary
left buccal
left bulbo.urethral
left bundle
left calcarine
left callosomarginal
left canal
left cardiac
left cardial
left cardiophrenic
left caroticotympanic
left carotid
left carpal
left caudal
left caudate
left caudomedial
left cavernous
left central
left centromedian
left cephalic
left cerebellar
left cerebral
left cervical
left cervicothoracic.brachial
left cervicothoracic
left chorda
left ciliary
left cingulate
left circumflex
left claustral
left coccygeal
left cochlear
left colic
left collicular
left commissural
left common
left conjoint
left coraco.acromial
left coracobrachialis
left coracoclavicular
left coracohumeral
left coracoid
left core
left corona
left coronary
left coronoid
left cortical
left corticobulbar
left corticoreticulospinal
left corticorubrospinal
left corticospinal.corticobulbar
left corticospinal
left corticotectal
left corticotectospinal
left costo.axillary
left costocervical
left costoclavicular
left costophrenic
left cruciate
left crus
left cubital
left cuneate
left cuneiform
left cuneocerebellar
left deep
left dentate
left dentatothalamic
left diagonal
left diaphragmatic
left diffuse
left distal
left dorsal
left dorsolateral
left dorsomedial
left duct
left eighth
left eleventh
left emboliform
left entorhinal
left episcleral
left esophageal
left extensor
left external
left extraperitoneal
left extreme
left facial
left fasciculus
left fasciola
left fasciolar
left fastigial
left female
left femoral
left fibular
left fibularis
left field
left fifth
left first
left flexor
left flocculus
left fornix
left fourth
left frenulum
left frontal
left frontomarginal
left fusiform
left gastric
left gastroepiploic
left gastro.epiploic
left gastropancreatic
left geniculate
left genitofemoral
left gigantocellular
left glenohumeral
left glenoid
left globose
left globus
left glossopharyngeal
left gonadal
left gracile
left great
left greater
left gyrus
left habenulo.interpeduncular
left half
left hemisphere
left hemispheric
left hepatic
left hip
left hippocampal
left hippocampus
left hypoglossal
left iliac
left iliocostalis
left iliohypogastric
left ilioinguinal
left iliopsoas
left iliopubic
left iliotibial
left induseum
left inferior
left inferolateral
left infraclavicular
left infracolic
left infraglenoid
left inframammary
left infraorbital
left infrascapular
left infraspinous
left infratrochlear
left inguinal
left insular
left intercalated
left intercollicular
left interfoveolar
left interlobar
left intermediate
left intermediolateral
left intermediomedial
left internal
left interosseous
left interpeduncular
left interscalene
left interspinalis
left interstitial
left interventricular
left intestinal
left intracalcarine
left intralimbic
left island
left jugular
left juxtarestiform
left knee
left labium
left labyrinthine
left lacrimal
left lamina
left lateral
left latissimus
left least
left lenticular
left lentiform
left lesser
left levator
left limbic
left limitans
left lingual
left lobar
left lobe
left locus
left long
left longissimus
left longitudinal
left longus
left lower
left lumbar
left lumbosacral
left main
left major
left male
left mamillothalamic
left mammillary
left mammillotegmental
left mammillothalamic
left mandibular
left marginal
left masseteric
left maxillary
left medial
left median
left mediastinal
left medullary
left meniscofemoral
left meniscotibial
left mental
left mesencephalic
left middle
left mid
left muscular
left musculocutaneous
left musculophrenic
left mylohyoid
left nasociliary
left nasofrontal
left nasopalatine
left neurovascular
left ninth
left nucleus
left oblique
left obliquus
left obturator
left occipital
left oculomotor
left olecranon
left olfactory
left olivary
left olivocerebellar
left olivocochlear
left olivospinal
left ophthalmic
left opponens
left optic
left oral
left orbital
left otic
left ovarian
left pallidohabenular
left pallidotegmental
left palmar
left palmaris
left parabigeminal
left paracentral
left paraesophageal
left parafascicular
left paraflocculus
left parahippocampal
left paramedian
left paranephric
left pararectal
left pararenal
left paraspinal
left parataenial
left paraterminal
left paratrigeminal
left paraventricular
left paravesical
left parietal
left parotid
left part
left parvicellular
left parvocellular
left patella
left patellar
left patellofemoral
left pectoralis
left pectoral
left peduncle
left pedunculopontine
left perforating
left periamygdaloid
left pericallosal
left pericardiacophrenic
left pericardial
left perineal
left peripeduncular
left peripheral
left perirenal
left peritrigeminal
left pes
left phrenic
left pisohamate
left pisometacarpal
left pleural
left polar
left pontine
left pontobulbar
left pontomesencephalic
left popliteal
left popliteofibular
left popliteomeniscal
left portal
left postcentral
left postcommissural
left posterior
left posteroinferior
left posterolateral
left posteromarginal
left posterosuperior
left posteroventral
left precentral
left precommissural
left predorsal
left prefrontal
left prehippocampal
left premotor
left preolivary
left pre.optic
left prepyriform
left prescalene
left pre.subgenual
left primary
left principal
left pronator
left prostatic
left proximal
left psoas
left pterygoid
left pterygopalatine
left pubocervical
left puboprostatic
left pudendal
left pulmonary
left pulmonic
left pulmopleural
left pyramidal
left quadratus
left radial
left radiate
left rectouterine
left rectus
left recurrent
left red
left renal
left reticulotegmental
left retrocommissural
left retromandibular
left retro.olivary
left retropectoralis
left retropubic
left rhomboid
left rostral
left rostromedial
left rostrotemporal
left rotation
left round
left rubrospinal
left saccular
left sacral
left sacrogenital
left sagittal
left saphenous
left scapular
left sciatic
left scleral
left second
left secondary
left segmental
left segment
left semimembranosus.tibial
left semimembranous
left seminal
left semioval
left semispinalis
left septofimbrial
left serratus
left set
left seventh
left short
left side
left simple
left sixth
left solitary
left somatic
left sphenoethmoid
left sphenoid
left spinal
left spinalis
left spinocortical
left spinoglenoid
left spino.olivary
left spinotectal
left spinothalamic
left spiral
left splenial
left splenius
left stapedius
left sternal
left sternoclavicular
left sternocleidomastoid
left straight
left stratum
left stria
left stylomastoid
left subacromial
left subcallosal
left subcentral
left subclavian
left subcostal
left subcuneiform
left subcutaneous
left subdeltoid
left subfascicular
left subgenual
left subhepatic
left subicular
left sublentiform
left sublingual
left submandibular
left submedial
left suboccipital
left subphrenic
left subscapular
left subscapularis
left substantia
left subtendinous
left subthalamic
left superciliary
left superficial
left superior
left supplemental
left supracalcarine
left supracallosal
left suprachiasmatic
left supraclavicular
left suprageniculate
left supraglenoid
left supramammillary
left supramarginal
left supra.optic
left supraoptic
left supraopticohypophysial
left supra.orbital
left supraorbital
left suprapatellar
left suprascapular
left supraspinous
left supratrochlear
left supravesical
left sural
left sympathetic
left tectobulbar
left tectopontine
left tectospinal
left temporal
left temporomandibular
left tendinous
left tenth
left tentorial
left teres
left testicular
left thalamic
left thalamogeniculate
left thalamoperforating
left thalamotuberal
left thigh
left third
left thoracic
left thoraco.acromial
left thoracodorsal
left thoracoepigastric
left thymic
left thyrocervical
left tibial
left tibialis
left tibiofemoral
left tonsil
left tracheobronchial
left transverse
left transversus
left trapezoid
left triangular
left triceps
left trigeminal
left trochlear
left tuberomammillary
left twelfth
left tympanic
left ulnar
left umbilical
left uncal
left uncinate
left upper
left ureteral
left uterine
left uterosacral
left uterotubal
left uterovesical
left utricular
left utriculo.ampullary
left vagal
left vagus
left variant
left vastus
left ventral
left ventrolateral
left ventromedial
left vertebral
left vestibular
left vestibulocerebellar
left vestibulocochlear
left vestibulospinal
left zona
left zygomatic
leg pedaling
lemniscus of
lenticular fasciculus
lenticular process
lenticulothalamic part
leonard george
leptomeningeal sac
lesional fat
lesional iron
lesion effect
lesion matrix
lesion rim
lesion substance
lesion transition
lesser curvature
lesser horn
lesser occipital
lesser omentum
lesser palatine
lesser petrosal
lesser sac
lesser saphenous
lesser sciatic
lesser splanchnic
lesser supraclavicular
lesser thoracic
lesser trochanter
lesser tubercle
lesser tuberosity
lesser tympanic
lesser vestibular
lesser wing
less invasive
less than
levator anguli
levator glandulae
levator labii
levator palpebrae
levator scapulae
levator veli
lewis holly
life buoy
ligament of
ligament organ
ligamentum teres
light bulb
limb of
limbus of
limen of
limited imaging
limiting lamina
linea aspera
linear array
linear attenuation
linear detection
linear resistive
linear shim
linear transmission
line profile
lingual branch
lingual canal
lingual cusp
lingual lymph
lingual salivary
lingual surface
lingula gyrus
lingula inferior
lingula of
lingular bronchus
lingular inferior
lingular superior
lingula superior
lip of
little finger
little leaguer
liver hypertrophic
liver imaging
liver score
lobar artery
lobar branch
lobar lymph
lobe of
lobular capillary
lobular core
lobular organ
lobule i
lobule iii
lobule ii
lobule iv
lobule ix
lobule of
lobule viia
lobule vii
lobule v
localized gradient
localized receive
localized transmit
local tumor
loin pain
lollipop sign
long association
long cerebral
long ciliary
long descending
long feeding
long head
long insular
longitudinal arch
longitudinal canals
longitudinal fibers
longitudinal fold
longitudinal layer
longitudinal muscle
longitudinal pontine
longitudinal tube
long plantar
long posterior
long process
long radiolunate
long rotator
long thoracic
long tube
longus capitus
longus colli
long vincula
long white
loop of
loose connective
loose endoabdominal
loose endopelvic
lorenz lilienfeld
loss of
low adc
low anterior
low collimator
low energy
lower abdominal
lower anterior
lower band
lower branch
lower deep
lower edge
lower esophageal
lower extremity
lower fibers
lower gastrointestinal
lower head
lower inner
lower leg
lower lobar
lower lobe
lower lung
lower outer
lower pole
lower posterior
lower quadrant
lower respiratory
lower subscapular
lower trunk
lower uterine
lower zone
low.flow vascular
low grade
low intensity
low.pass frequency
low profile
low signal
lucent cleft
lucent liver
lumbar interspinous
lumbar intervertebral
lumbar lymphatic
lumbar lymph
lumbar part
lumbar radiculopathy
lumbar segment
lumbar spinal
lumbar spine
lumbar splanchnic
lumbar subsegment
lumbar sympathetic
lumbar vertebral
lumbosacral enlargement
lumbosacral spine
lumbothoracic vertebral
lumbrical muscle
lumen of
lumen proper
lumen with
lunate fossa
lunate surface
lunogracile fissure
lunula of
lying.down adrenal
lymphatc chain
lymphatic chain
lymphatic tree
lymphatic vessel
lymph node
lymphocytic interstitial
lymphocytic plasmacytic
lymphoid interstitial
lymphoid nodule
lysosomal storage
m0 distant
m1 distant
m1 segment
m2 segment
m3 segment
m4 segment
macroscopic motion
macula cribrosa
macula of
magic angle
magnetic field
magnetic resonance
magnetite albumin
magnocellular layer
magnocellular nucleus
magnocellular part
magnocellular subnucleus
maiden waist
main en
main pancreatic
main portal
main pulmonary
major alar
major circulus
major duodenal
major liver
major salivary
major sublingual
malar lymph
male anterior
male body
male breast
male chest
male external
male human
male internal
male superficial
male trunk
male urethral
malignant fibrous
malignant neoplasm
malignant neoplastic
malignant odontogenic
malignant optic
malignant otitis
malignant peripheral
malleolar prominence
malleolar stria
malleolar sulcus
mammary branch
mammary tributary
mammelon of
mammillary nucleus
mammillary princeps
mammillothalamic tract
mandibular dental
mandibular fossa
mandibular lymph
mandibular mantle
manual pressure
marginal artery
marginal colic
marginal mandibular
marginal nucleus
marginal part
marginal ridge
marginal zone
margin of
marking for
mass enhancement
masseteric nerve
masseteric tuberosity
mass in
mass internal
master knot
mastoid air
mastoid border
mastoid branch
mastoid lymph
mastoid notch
mastoid process
mastoid segment
material anatomical
maxillary dental
maxillary hiatus
maxillary surface
maxillary tuberosity
maximum intensity
mca dot
mean transit
mean value
measured attenuation
mechanical sector
medial accessory
medial amygdaloid
medial angle
medial antebrachial
medial articular
medial band
medial basal
medial belly
medial border
medial brachial
medial branch
medial bundle
medial c2
medial calcaneal
medial canthic
medial cervical
medial collateral
medial column
medial common
medial compartment
medial condylar
medial condyle
medial cord
medial coronary
medial crus
medial cutaneous
medial dorsal
medial eminence
medial epicondylar
medial epicondyle
medial external
medial facet
medial femoral
medial frontal
medial geniculate
medial globus
medial habenular
medial head
medial inferior
medial inguinal
medial intercondylar
medial intermuscular
medial internal
medial lacunar
medial lamina
medial lemniscus
medial lenticulostriate
medial ligament
medial lip
medial longitudinal
medial lumbar
medial malleolar
medial mammillary
medial margin
medial medullary
medial meniscofemoral
medial motor
medial muscular
medial nuclear
medial nucleus
medial occipital
medial occipitotemporal
medial oculomotor
medial olfactory
medial orbital
medial palmar
medial palpebral
medial parabrachial
medial paracolic
medial part
medial patellar
medial patellofemoral
medial patellomeniscal
medial patellotibial
medial pectoral
medial pericuneate
medial pes
medial plantar
medial posterior
medial preoptic
medial process
medial proper
medial prosencephalic
medial pterygoid
medial pulvinar
medial rectus
medial region
medial reticular
medial reticulospinal
medial retropharyngeal
medial root
medial rostrotemporal
medial rotation
medial rotundal
medial sacral
medial segmental
medial segment
medial septal
medial sesamoid
medial striate
medial stripe
medial subtendinous
medial superior
medial supraclavicular
medial sural
medial surface
medial talocalcaneal
medial tarsal
medial tendon
medial terminal
medial tibial
medial tributary
medial umbilical
medial vein
medial ventral
medial vestibular
medial vestibulospinal
medial wall
medial zone
median antebrachial
median aperture
median callosal
median commissural
median cricothyroid
median cubital
median eminence
median glosso.epiglottic
median lobe
median nerve
median nucleus
median palatine
median preoptic
median raphe
median ridge
median sulcus
median thyrohyoid
median umbilical
mediastinal branch
mediastinal lymphatic
mediastinal lymph
mediastinum of
medical record
mediolateral oblique
medium collimator
medium energy
medium initial
medulla oblongata
medulla of
medulla part
medullary ray
medullary reticular
medullary reticulospinal
medullary sponge
medullary vein
medulla segment
medulloblastoma with
medusa head
medusa locks
melanotic peripheral
melanotic psammomatous
membrane organ
membranous interventricular
membranous lamina
membranous layer
membranous part
membranous portion
meningeal branch
meningioma who
meniscus of
mental branch
mental protuberance
mental tubercle
mercedes benz
merchant 30
merchant 45
merchant 60
meridional fibers
mesencephalic nucleus
mesencephalic tract
mesenteric border
mesenteric lymphatic
mesenteric lymph
mesenteric vein
mesentery of
mesial fovea
mesial root
mesial surface
mesiobuccal cusp
mesiobuccal root
mesiolingual cusp
mesiolingual root
mesiopalatal cusp
mesocolic lymphatic
mesocolic lymph
mesothelium of
mesovarian border
mesovarian margin
metabolic bone
metacarpal communicating
metacarpophalangeal joint
metaphysis of
metastasis by
metastatic bone
metencephalon part
meyer loop
mickey mouse
microbubble transpulmonary
microcalcifications in
microcalcifications out
microscopic irregularities
microscopic motion
microvillus columnar
midbrain reticular
midbrain segment
mid circumflex
midcolic lymphatic
middle aged
middle anterior
middle aortic
middle articular
middle calcaneal
middle cardiac
middle cerebellar
middle cerebral
middle cervical
middle cingulate
middle colic
middle collateral
middle component
middle constrictor
middle crest
middle ear
middle facet
middle free
middle frontal
middle genicular
middle glenohumeral
middle gray
middle hepatic
middle internal
middle layer
middle lobar
middle lobe
middle macular
middle mediastinal
middle meningeal
middle molecular
middle muscle
middle nasal
middle of
middle palpebral
middle part
middle phalanx
middle posterior
middle pre.aortic
middle rectal
middle region
middle scalene
middle segment
middle short
middle spinal
middle superior
middle suprarenal
middle temporal
middle third
middle thyroid
middle transverse
middle trunk
middle white
middle zone
mid left
midline nuclear
mid lung
mid.right coronary
midsternal stripe
migrated disc
migrating staple
mild central
mild.moderate t2
milk of
mimics another
mineral deposition
mineral oil
minimum intensity
minor alar
minor circulus
minor duodenal
minor salivary
minor sublingual
misalignment of
miscellaneous organic
mismatch order
mitral valve
mixed communicating
mixed enhancement
mixed germ
mixed lytic
mixed mullerian
mixed sclerotic
moderate central
moderately ill.defined
moderately irregular
moderately smooth
moderately well.defined
modified bruce
modified cleaves
modified law
modified parietoacanthial
modified pawlow
modified prone
modified titterington
modified towne
modified waters
modiolus of
molar salivary
molar tooth
molar tubercle
molecular layer
monitored anesthesia
monomeric iodinated
monosodium urate
mons pubis
moon crescent
more than
most recent
motion artifact
motion related
motion shear
motor nucleus
motor root
mount fuji
mouth to
mr attenuation
mr coil
mr echo
mr preparation
mr primary
mr procedure
mr reconstruction
mr tissue
mucinous cystic
mucoid degeneration
mucosa.associated lymphoid
mucosal fold
mucosal gland
mucosal stripe
mucosa of
mucous gland
mucous membrane
mullerian duct
multi.detector row
multiform layer
multilocular cystic
multiple acquisition
multiple areas
multiple coil
multiple concentric
multiple lesions
multiple regions
multiple spinal
multiple states
multiple studies
multiple system
mural mesenteric
muscle body
muscle fiber
muscle layer
muscle of
muscle organ
muscle tissue
muscular branch
muscular fascia
muscular interventricular
muscularis mucosae
muscular part
muscular process
muscular tributary
musculature of
musculocutaneous nerve
musculoskeletal crescent
musculoskeletal stress
musculus uvulae
mx distant
mylohyoid branch
mylohyoid groove
mylohyoid line
mylopharyngeal part
myocardial infarction
myocardium layer
myometrium of
myositic form
n0 lymph
n1 lymph
n.2 ghost
n2 lymph
n3 lymph
naclerio v
nail bed
nail fold
nail plate
nail root
nail wall
naked facet
named imaging
nasal branch
nasal crest
nasal margin
nasal notch
nasal part
nasal septal
nasal septum
nasal spine
nasal surface
nasoenteric feeding
nasolabial lymph
nasopharyngeal lymphoid
nasopharyngeal soft.tissue
naughton protocol
navicular fat
navicular fossa
neck of
neck proper
necrotizing fasciitis
negative bowel
negative ulnar
neither smooth
neither well
neodentate part
nephrostomy tube
nephroureteral stent
nerve network
nerve of
nerve proper
nerve root
nerve to
nerve trunk
nervous system
neural layer
neural lobe
neural network
neural tissue
neural tree
neural tube
neurofibromatosis type
neurogenic bladder
neurogenic pulmonary
neuroglial network
neuronal component
neuronal intestinal
neuronal or
neurovascular bundle
neutral rotation
ninth anterior
ninth intercostal
ninth thoracic
nipple of
nitroxide stable
no breathhold
node of
no discernible
nodular lymphoid
nodule.like arterial
nodule of
no effect
nonarticular part
non.articular part
non.ats thoracic
non.cartesian k.space
nonenhancing central
nonglandular part
non.hcc liver
nonhyperfunctioning neuroendocrine
noninvoluting congenital
nonionic gadolinium
non.ionic iodinated
non.ionic iso.osmolar
nonionic linear
non.ionic low.osmolality
nonionic macrocyclic
non.iterative partial
nonkeratinizing stratified
non.langerhans cell
non.linear shim
non.mass enhancement
non.mass heterogeneous
non.mass homogeneous
non.mass internal
nonoxidant aerosol
nonoxidant gas
nonpapillary renal
non.pathological condition
non.peritoneal surface
non.pulsed current
non.seminomatous germ
non.solid pulmonary
non.spatially selective
non.specific destruction
nonspecific interstitial
non.tunneled catheter
non.tunneled central
non.uniformity in
non.uniform signal
non.uniform slice
no posterior
normal perilesional
notched ureter
notch for
notch in
notch of
notch region
not parallel
not requiring
nuchal translucency
nuclear collimator
nuclear complex
nuclear crystal
nuclear detector
nuclear imaging
nuclear medicine
nuclear solid
nuclei of
nucleus cornucommissuralis
nucleus of
nucleus proprius
nucleus raphe
number of
nutrient artery
nutrient branch
nx lymph
oblique arytenoid
oblique cord
oblique head
oblique line
oblique meniscomeniscal
oblique muscle
oblique part
oblique popliteal
oblique ridge
oblique upright
oblique vein
obliquus capitis
oblong fovea
obscured outer
obsolete radlex
obstructs biliary
obturator externus
obturator internus
obturator lymphatic
obturator lymph
occipital belly
occipital brain
occipital branch
occipital condyle
occipital diploic
occipital fusiform
occipital horn
occipital lobe
occipital lymph
occipital margin
occipital pole
occipital segment
occipital stripe
occipitotemporal branch
occlusal curves
occlusal fossa
occlusal ridge
occlusal surface
occlusive dressing
odd articular
odontogenic ghost
oil emulsion
olecranon fossa
olecranon recess
olfactory groove
olfactory nerve.tract
olivary pretectal
olivospinal tract
omental branch
omental or
omental part
on a
onion ring
onion skin
opening of
open mouth
opercular part
opponens digiti
opponens pollicis
optic canal
optic nerve
optic nerve.tract
optic part
optic recess
oral cholecystographic
oral magnetic
oral mucosal
oral part
oral pontine
oral pulvinar
orbicularis oculi
orbicularis oris
orbital branch
orbital part
orbital plate
orbital process
orbital surface
orbital wall
orbitobasal segment
orbitofrontal segment
orbitoparietal oblique
organ cavity
organ component
organized mucosa.associated
organ part
organ point
organ region
organ system
organ with
oriens layer
orifice of
original cleaves
original law
orthographic volume
orthopedic device
osseous cavity
osseous spiral
ossification of
osteitis fibrosa
osteosarcoma in
ostium of
ostium secundum
other breast
other modality
other silicate
outer annulus
outer cortex
outer granular
outer layer
outer limiting
outer membrane
outer molecular
outer muscle
outer nuclear
outer plexiform
outer region
outer sheath
outer spiral
outer stripe
out of
ovarian fimbria
ovarian fossa
ovarian vein
ovaries or
oxalate.related arthritis
oxidant gas
p1 segment
p2 segment
p.32 chromic
p.32 sodium
p3 segment
pa axial
paired dural
palatal cusp
palatal root
palatal surface
palatine crest
palatine groove
palatine process
palatine salivary
palatine spine
palatine surface
paleodentate part
palliative pediatric
pallidum of
palmar band
palmar branch
palmar carpal
palmar intercarpal
palmar interosseous
palmaris brevis
palmaris longus
palmar ligament
palmar metacarpal
palmar radiocarpal
palmar scaphotriquetral
palmar space
palmar ulnocarpal
palm compartment
palpebral branch
palpebral part
palpebral tributary
pancreatic cystic
pancreatic duct
pancreatic impression
pancreatic intraepithelial
pancreatic lymphatic
pancreatic lymph
pancreaticoduodenal lymphatic
pancreaticoduodenal lymph
pancreaticosplenic lymphatic
pancreatic part
pancreatic sparing
pancreatic tributary
papillae of
papilla of
papillary process
papillary renal
papillary transitional
para.aortic lumbar
para.aortic thoracic
parabrachial pigmented
paracardiac lymph
paracardial gastric
paracardial left
paracardial lymphatic
paracardial part
paracentral branch
paracentral lobule
parachute mitral
paracingulate gyrus
paracolic lymphatic
paracolic lymph
paracommissural nucleus
paradoxical halo
paradoxical movement
paraflocculus of
parahippocampal gyrus.
paralaminar part
parallel channel
parallel hole
parallel imaging
parallels blood
parallel track
paramedian medullary
paramedian nucleus
parametrial lymphatic
parametrial lymph
parametrium of
paramolar cusp
pararectal lymphatic
pararectal lymph
paraspinal compartment
paraspinal sympathetic
parasternal lymph
parasympathetic nervous
parasympathetic root
paratracheal chain
paratracheal lymph
parauterine lymphatic
parauterine lymph
para.uterine lymph
paravaginal lymphatic
paravaginal lymph
paraventricular nucleus
paravesical lymph
paravesicular lymphatic
paravesicular lymph
parenchyma of
parietal abdominal
parietal border
parietal brain
parietal branch
parietal fascia
parietal layer
parietal lobe
parietal lumbar
parietal lymph
parietal margin
parietal notch
parietal operculum
parietal pelvic
parietal peritoneum
parietal pre.aortic
parietal serous
parietal tributary
parieto.occipital branch
parietoorbital oblique
paronychium of
parotid branch
parotid lymph
parrot beak
pars alpha
pars anterior
pars copularis
pars distalis
pars dorsalis
pars flaccida
pars intermedia
pars marginalis
pars nervosa
pars postrema
pars tensa
pars tuberalis
pars vascularis
pars ventralis
partial anomalous
partial clinical
partial flexion
partial fourier
partial hydatidiform
partial ossicular
partial ring
partial volume
particulate embolic
part of
part.solid pulmonary
parvicellular nucleus
parvicellular part
parvicellular reticular
parvocellular layer
parvocellular part
passage of
patellar groove
patellar part
patency of
patent ductus
pathophysiologic process
pathway structure
patient data
patient date
patient rotation
pearl necklace
pectineus branch
pectoral branch
pectoralis major
pectoralis minor
pectoralis muscle
pectoral lymph
pectoral part
pectoral tributary
pediatric cardiac
pedicle of
peduncle of
peduncular branch
peduncular nucleus
pedunculopontine tegmental
peel away
pelken spur
pelvic floor
pelvic inflammatory
pelvic lymph
pelvic or
pelvic parietal
pelvic part
pelvic splanchnic
pelvocalyceal wall
penduncular tributary
penile root
percutaneous drainage
percutaneous nephroureteral
percutaneous transhepatic
percutaneous transluminal
perforating branch
perforating cutaneous
perfusion image
perfusion imaging
peri.acinar stroma
periarticular locking
pericardial branch
pericardial cavity
pericardial fat
pericardial line
pericardial lymph
pericardial sac
pericentral nucleus
perichoroidal space
pericranial tributary
peridental branch
periductal stroma
perilesional perfusion
perilesional tissue
perimysium of
perineal branch
perineuritic orbital
periodically rotated
periodontium of
perionychium of
periosteal cortical
peripheral auditory
peripheral bubble
peripheral continuous
peripheral discontinuous
peripheral fat
peripheral intravenous
peripherally inserted
peripheral nerve
peripheral nervous
peripheral neuroblastic
peripheral odontogenic
peripheral part
peripheral pulse
peripheral segment
peripheral skeletal
peripheral vascular
peripheral venous
peripheral washout
peripheral zone
periprostatic venous
perirenal fat
perirenal p
periscleritic form
peritoneal branch
peritoneal fold
peritoneal fossa
peritoneal surface
peritoneovenous shunt
peritoneum of
peritoneum over
peritoneum proper
periumbilical part
peri.urethral region
peri.urethral zone
perivascular fibrous
periventricular zone
permeative destruction
peroneal communicating
peroneal longus
peroneal sulcus
peroneus brevis
peroneus longus
perpendicular plate
persistent delayed
persistent embryonic
persistent fetal
persistent free
persistent homogeneous
persistent left
persistent loop
persistent truncus
perspective volume
pes anserinus
petrosal branch
petrous part
petrous portion
phalanx of
pharmacological thrombolysis
pharyngeal branch
pharyngeal lymphoid
pharyngeal nerve
pharyngeal opening
pharyngeal venous
pharyngoesophageal constrictor
phase.cancellation harmonic
phased array
phase difference
phase non.uniformity
phase wraparound
phrenic nerve
phrenicocoeliac part
physician manipulation
physiological condition
physiologic or
pia.arachnoid of
pial venous
picture frame
pigmentary pallidal
pigmented epithelium
pigmented layer
pigmented villonodular
pineal parenchymal
pineal recess
pine cone
pi.rads 1
pi.rads 2
pi.rads 3
pi.rads 4
pi.rads 5
pi.rads dce
pi.rads dwi
pi.rads lesion
pi.rads overall
pi.rads t2wi
pi.rads x
pistol grip
placement of
placental site
planar nuclear
planar revolutional
planar surface
plane of
plantar calcaneocuboid
plantar cuneocuboid
plantar dorsal
plantar intercuneiform
plantar interossei
plantar ligament
plantar nail
plantar naviculocuboid
plantar plate
plantar surface
plant thorn
planum polare
planum temporale
plasma cell
plateau delayed
platelet.rich plasma
platinum embolization
playboy bunny
pleural branch
pleural effusion
plexal point
plexal portion
plexiform layer
plexus branch
plica of
plica semilunaris
point of
polar frontal
polar part
polar temporal
pole of
polycystic kidney
polyostotic fibrous
polyp morphology
pons segment
pontine nuclear
pontine nucleus
pontine perforator
pontine raphe
pontine reticular
pontine segment
popcorn calcification
popliteal part
portal.systemic shunt
portal triad
portal venous
portion of
positive bowel
positive ulnar
positron emission
postcapillary pulmonary
postcaval lymphatic
postcaval pericardial
postcentral branch
postcentral gyrus
postcricoid region
posterior abdominal
posterior acoustic
posterior ampullary
posterior antebrachial
posterior area
posterior articular
posterior atlantoaxial
posterior attachment
posterior auricular
posterior band
posterior basal
posterior belly
posterior body
posterior bony
posterior border
posterior brachial
posterior branch
posterior bundle
posterior calcaneal
posterior cecal
posterior cell
posterior cerebral
posterior cervical
posterior chamber
posterior choroidal
posterior ciliary
posterior cingulate
posterior circumflex
posterior cochlear
posterior column
posterior commissure
posterior common
posterior communicating
posterior compartment
posterior component
posterior conjunctival
posterior cord
posterior costotransverse
posterior cranial
posterior cricoarytenoid
posterior cruciate
posterior cutaneous
posterior deep
posterior descending
posterior diaphragmatic
posterior division
posterior elbow
posterior ends
posterior ethmoidal
posterior external
posterior fascicle
posterior femoral
posterior fold
posterior forceps
posterior fornix
posterior gastric
posterior genu
posterior gluteal
posterior horn
posterior humeral
posterior hypothalamic
posterior ileocolic
posterior inferior
posterior intercavernous
posterior intercondylar
posterior intercondyloid
posterior intercostal
posterior intermalleolar
posterior intermuscular
posterior internal
posterior interosseous
posterior intraoccipital
posterior junction
posterior labial
posterior lamina
posterior lateral
posterior left
posterior ligament
posterior limb
posterior lip
posterior lobe
posterior lobule
posterior long
posterior longitudinal
posterior median
posterior mediastinal
posterior medullary
posterior membranous
posterior meningeal
posterior meniscofemoral
posterior mesencephalic
posterior muscular
posterior nasal
posterior nerve
posterior nuclear
posterior nucleus
posterior oblique
posterior obturator
posterior occipitoatlantal
posterior orbital
posterior osteomeatal
posterior palpebral
posterior pancreaticoduodenal
posterior paracentral
posterior paraolfactory
posterior pararenal
posterior parietal
posterior part
posterior perforated
posterior pericallosal
posterior pericardial
posterior perirenal
posterior perisplenic
posterior periventricular
posterior pleural
posterior portion
posterior pretectal
posterior process
posterior profile
posterior prostatic
posterior pubic
posterior quadrangular
posterior radiation
posterior radicular
posterior ramus
posterior recess
posterior region
posterior renal
posterior rootlet
posterior root
posterior sacrococcygeal
posterior sacroiliac
posterior scalene
posterior scrotal
posterior segmental
posterior segment
posterior semicircular
posterior septal
posterior short
posterior sinus
posterior spinal
posterior spinocerebellar
posterior sternoclavicular
posterior suboccipital
posterior sulcal
posterior superior
posterior surface
posterior talocalcaneal
posterior talofibular
posterior temporal
posterior thalamic
posterior thalamoperforating
posterior tibial
posterior tibiofibular
posterior tibiotalar
posterior tracheal
posterior transverse
posterior triangle
posterior tributary
posterior trunk
posterior tubercle
posterior tympanic
posterior ulnar
posterior urethral
posterior vagal
posterior vein
posterior ventrolateral
posterior vertebral
posterior vestibular
posterior wall
posterior wedging
posterior zone
posteroanterior 30
posteroanterior 45.degree
posteroanterior oblique
posteroanterior prone
posteroanterior tangential
posteroinferior iliac
posteroinferior popliteomeniscal
posteroinferior zone
posterolateral auditory
posterolateral band
posterolateral border
posterolateral central
posterolateral corner
posterolateral fissure
posterolateral part
posterolateral ramus
posteromedial band
posteromedial border
posteromedial branch
posteromedial central
posteromedial part
posteromedian medullary
posterosuperior iliac
posterosuperior popliteomeniscal
posterosuperior zone
posteroventral cochlear
postganglionic segment
postglomerular segment
post.ictal pulmonary
postlaminar branch
postlaminar part
post.myocardial infarction
postoperative seroma.hematoma
postscapular segment
postseptal space
postsurgical fluid
post.therapy skin
post.transplant lymphoproliferative
postvesical lymph
postvesicular lymphatic
postvesicular lymph
power doppler
preaccessory cuneate
pre.aortic lumbar
pre.aortic lymphatic
pre.aortic lymph
pre.auricular lymph
pre.brachial plexus
precapillary pulmonary
precaval lymphatic
precaval lymph
prececal lymphatic
precentral branch
precentral cerebellar
precentral gyrus
precentral segment
prechiasmatic sulcus
precommissural fornix
precuneal branch
precuneus cortex
pre.decussation segment
pre.epiglottic fat
prefrontal segment
preganglionic segment
pre.hepatic portal
prelaminar branch
prelaminar part
prelaryngeal chain
prelaryngeal lymph
preoptic periventricular
preperitoneal fat
prepuce of
prescapular segment
presellar segment
preseptal space
prestyloid recess
pre.subgenual frontal
presymphysial lymphatic
presymphysial lymph
pretendinous portion
preterminal colic
pretracheal chain
pretracheal lymph
prevertebral compartment
prevesical lymph
prevesicular lymphatic
prevesicular lymph
primary angiitis
primary auditory
primary biliary
primary follicle
primary motor
primary nodular
primary reconstruction
primary sclerosing
primary somatosensory
primary systemic
primary transmit.receive
princeps pollicis
principal anterior
principal inferior
principal part
principal pretectal
principal sensory
principal ventral
printed digital
procedure complication
process of
programmable valve
progressive massive
progressive supranuclear
projection onto
prominence of
promontorial lymph
promontory lymphatic
promontory lymph
promontory of
pronator quadratus
pronator teres
proper cochlear
proper hepatic
proper palmar
proper plantar
property related
prostate.seminal vesicle
prostatic arterial
prostatic capsule
prostatic gland
prostatic intraepithelial
prostatic lymphatic
prostatic nerve
prostatic part
prostatic stroma
prostatoseminal vesicular
prosthetic cardiac
proximal band
proximal circumflex
proximal common
proximal convoluted
proximal deep
proximal end
proximal epiphysis
proximal esophageal
proximal free
proximal interphalangeal
proximal lateral
proximal left
proximal medial
proximal metaphysis
proximal myotendinous
proximal nail
proximal part
proximal phalanx
proximal pole
proximal radioulnar
proximal region
proximal right
proximal segment
proximal straight
proximal superficial
proximal superior
proximal tendinous
proximal tendon
proximal third
proximal tibiofibular
proximal zone
pruned tree
psoas major
psoas minor
psoas part
pterygoid branch
pterygoid fovea
pterygoid process
pterygoid tuberosity
pterygoid venous
pterygopharyngeal part
pterygospinous process
pubic varus
pulley of
pulmonary alveolar
pulmonary arterial
pulmonary blood
pulmonary branch
pulmonary embolism
pulmonary lymph
pulmonary nodule
pulp cavity
pulp of
pulsed current
punched out
puncture site
pupillary margin
pupillary membrane
purkinje cell
pyloric branch
pyloric lymphatic
pyloric lymph
pyloric tit
pylorus of
pylorus.sparing whipple
pyramidal decussation
pyramidal layer
pyramidal lobe
pyramidal muscle
pyramidal process
pyramid of
pyramis of
quadrant of
quadrate ligament
quadrate lobe
quadrature imbalance
quadratus femoris
quadratus plantae
quadrilateral segment
qualitative diameter
quantitative computed
rabbit ears
radial annular
radial arm
radial articular
radial attachment
radial bands
radial collateral
radial deviation
radial digital
radial fibers
radial fossa
radial head
radial k.space
radial metacarpophalangeal
radial nerve
radial proper
radial recurrent
radiate carpal
radiate layer
radiation dose
radiation exposure
radiation of
radiation source
radicular arterial
radicular branch
radioactive source
radiofrequency ablation
radiography procedure
radio head
radiolabeled denatured
radiolabeled human
radiolabeled platelet
radius of
radlex non.anatomical
radlex ontology
rafert long
ram.apos.s horn
ramus of
rapidly involuting
rare foramen
rathke cleft
rat tail
read outside
real.time image
receive radiofrequency
receiver coil.transmitter
recessed elliptical
recess of
recommendation for
rectus capitis
rectus capitus
rectus femoris
recurrent branch
recurrent ileal
recurrent interosseous
recurrent laryngeal
recurrent meningeal
recurrent pyogenic
recurrent temporal
red blood
red pulp
reduced contrast
reflected head
reflected tendon
refocusing of
reformat procedure
refractive edge
region of
regular connective
relative anisotropy
removal of
renal branch
renal calyceal
renal collecting
renal column
renal corpuscle
renal cortex
renal cortical
renal ectopia
renal failure
renal halo
renal impression
renal infarct
renal lobe
renal lymph
renal papilla
renal parenchymal
renal pyramid
renal sinus
renal surface
renal tubule
report section
requiring a
resistive shim
respiratory broncholitis
response to
restricted field
reticular formation
reticular membrane
reticular nucleus
reticuloendothelial contrast
reticulospinal tract
reticulum of
retracts capsule
retro.aortic lymphatic
retro.aortic lymph
retrocaval lymph
retrocecal lymphatic
retrocrural lymph
retrodorsal segment
retrolenticular part
retromolar fossa
retromolar triangle
retro.olivary cell
retropectoralis minor
retroperitoneal lymphatic
retroperitoneal part
retropharyngeal lymph
retropharyngeal space
retropyloric lymphatic
retropyloric lymph
retrorubral part
retrospective motion
retrotendinous portion
retrotonsillar segment
reverse 3
reverse 5
reverse centric
reversed appearance
reversed elliptical
reversed halo
reverse rim
reverse waters
rexed lamina
rhomboideus major
rhomboideus minor
rhomboid fossa
rhomboid major
rhomboid minor
rhomboid occipitalis
rice kernel
right abducens
right abductor
right accessory
right acromioclavicular
right adductor
right adrenal
right alar
right angular
right anococcygeal
right ansa
right ansiform
right anterior
right anterodorsal
right anteroinferior
right anterolateral
right anteromedial
right anteroventral
right apical
right arcuate
right area
right arteria
right articularis
right ascending
right atrial
right auditory
right auriculotemporal
right axillary
right band
right basal
right base
right basilic
right bending
right biceps
right biventer
right brachial
right branch
right brodmann
right bronchial
right bronchopulmonary
right buccal
right bulbo.urethral
right calcarine
right callosomarginal
right canal
right cardiac
right cardial
right cardiophrenic
right caroticotympanic
right carotid
right carpal
right caudal
right caudate
right caudomedial
right cavernous
right central
right centromedian
right cephalic
right cerebellar
right cerebral
right cervical
right cervicothoracic.brachial
right cervicothoracic
right chorda
right ciliary
right cingulate
right circumflex
right claustral
right coccygeal
right cochlear
right colic
right collicular
right commissural
right common
right conjoint
right coraco.acromial
right coracobrachialis
right coracoclavicular
right coracohumeral
right coracoid
right core
right corona
right coronary
right coronoid
right cortical
right corticobulbar
right corticoreticulospinal
right corticorubrospinal
right corticospinal.corticobulbar
right corticospinal
right corticotectal
right corticotectospinal
right costo.axillary
right costocervical
right costoclavicular
right costophrenic
right cruciate
right crus
right cubital
right cucleus
right cuneate
right cuneiform
right cuneocerebellar
right decubitus
right deep
right dentate
right dentatothalamic
right diagonal
right diaphragmatic
right diffuse
right distal
right dominant
right dorsal
right dorsolateral
right dorsomedial
right duct
right eighth
right eleventh
right emboliform
right entorhinal
right episcleral
right esophageal
right extensor
right external
right extraperitoneal
right extreme
right facial
right fasciculus
right fasciola
right fasciolar
right fastigial
right female
right femoral
right fibular
right fibularis
right field
right fifth
right first
right flexor
right flexural
right flocculus
right fornix
right fourth
right frenulum
right frontal
right frontomarginal
right fusiform
right gastric
right gastroepiploic
right gastro.epiploic
right gastropancreatic
right geniculate
right genitofemoral
right gigantocellular
right glenohumeral
right glenoid
right globose
right globus
right glossopharyngeal
right gonadal
right gracile
right great
right greater
right gyrus
right habenulo.interpeduncular
right half
right heart
right hemisphere
right hemispheric
right hepatic
right hip
right hippocampal
right hippocampus
right hypoglossal
right iliac
right iliocostalis
right iliohypogastric
right ilioinguinal
right iliopsoas
right iliopubic
right iliotibial
right induseum
right inferior
right inferolateral
right infraclavicular
right infracolic
right infraglenoid
right inframammary
right infraorbital
right infrascapular
right infratrochlear
right inguinal
right insular
right intercalated
right intercollicular
right interfoveolar
right interlobar
right intermediate
right intermediolateral
right intermediomedial
right internal
right interosseous
right interpeduncular
right interscalene
right interspinalis
right interstitial
right interventricular
right intestinal
right intracalcarine
right intralimbic
right island
right jugular
right juxtarestiform
right knee
right labium
right labyrinthine
right lacrimal
right lamina
right lateral
right latissimus
right least
right lenticular
right lentiform
right lesser
right levator
right limbic
right limitans
right lingual
right lobar
right lobe
right locus
right long
right longissimus
right longitudinal
right longus
right lower
right lumbar
right lumbosacral
right main
right major
right male
right mamillothalamic
right mammillary
right mammillotegmental
right mammillothalamic
right mandibular
right marginal
right masseteric
right maxillary
right medial
right median
right mediastinal
right medullary
right meniscofemoral
right meniscotibial
right mental
right mesencephalic
right middle
right mid
right minor
right muscular
right musculocutaneous
right musculophrenic
right mylohyoid
right nasociliary
right nasofrontal
right nasopalatine
right neurovascular
right nfraspinous
right ninth
right nucleus
right oblique
right obliquus
right obturator
right occipital
right oculomotor
right olecranon
right olfactory
right olivary
right olivocerebellar
right olivocochlear
right olivospinal
right ophthalmic
right opponens
right optic
right oral
right orbital
right otic
right ovarian
right pallidohabenular
right pallidotegmental
right palmar
right palmaris
right parabigeminal
right paracentral
right paraesophageal
right parafascicular
right paraflocculus
right parahippocampal
right paramedian
right paranephric
right pararectal
right pararenal
right paraspinal
right parataenial
right paraterminal
right paratracheal
right paratrigeminal
right paraventricular
right paravesical
right parietal
right parotid
right part
right parvicellular
right parvocellular
right patella
right patellar
right patellofemoral
right pectoralis
right pectoral
right peduncle
right pedunculopontine
right perforating
right periamygdaloid
right pericallosal
right pericardiacophrenic
right pericardial
right perineal
right peripeduncular
right peripheral
right perirenal
right peritrigeminal
right pes
right phrenic
right pisohamate
right pisometacarpal
right pleural
right polar
right pontine
right pontobulbar
right pontomesencephalic
right popliteal
right popliteofibular
right popliteomeniscal
right portal
right postcentral
right postcommissural
right posterior
right posteroinferior
right posterolateral
right posteromarginal
right posterosuperior
right posteroventral
right precentral
right precommissural
right predorsal
right prefrontal
right prehippocampal
right premotor
right preolivary
right pre.optic
right prepyriform
right prescalene
right pre.subgenual
right primary
right principal
right pronator
right prostatic
right proximal
right psoas
right pterygoid
right pterygopalatine
right pubocervical
right puboprostatic
right pudendal
right pulmonary
right pulmonic
right pulmopleural
right pyramidal
right quadratus
right radial
right radiate
right rectouterine
right rectus
right recurrent
right red
right renal
right reticulotegmental
right retrocommissural
right retromandibular
right retro.olivary
right retropectoralis
right retropubic
right rhomboid
right rostral
right rostromedial
right rostrotemporal
right rotation
right round
right rubrospinal
right saccular
right sacral
right sacrogenital
right sagittal
right saphenous
right scapular
right sciatic
right scleral
right second
right secondary
right segmental
right segment
right semimembranosus.tibial
right semimembranous
right seminal
right semioval
right semispinalis
right septofimbrial
right serratus
right set
right seventh
right short
right side
right simple
right sixth
right solitary
right somatic
right sphenoethmoid
right sphenoid
right spinal
right spinalis
right spinocortical
right spinoglenoid
right spino.olivary
right spinotectal
right spinothalamic
right spiral
right splenial
right splenius
right stapedius
right sternal
right sternoclavicular
right sternocleidomastoid
right straight
right stratum
right stria
right stylomastoid
right subacromial
right subcallosal
right subcentral
right subclavian
right subcostal
right subcuneiform
right subcutaneous
right subdeltoid
right subfascicular
right subgenual
right subicular
right sublentiform
right sublingual
right submandibular
right submedial
right suboccipital
right subphrenic
right subscapular
right subscapularis
right substantia
right subtendinous
right subthalamic
right superciliary
right superficial
right superior
right supplemental
right supracalcarine
right supracallosal
right suprachiasmatic
right supraclavicular
right suprageniculate
right supraglenoid
right supramammillary
right supramarginal
right supra.optic
right supraoptic
right supraopticohypophysial
right supra.orbital
right supraorbital
right suprapatellar
right suprascapular
right supraspinous
right supratrochlear
right supravesical
right sural
right surface
right sympathetic
right tectobulbar
right tectopontine
right tectospinal
right temporal
right temporomandibular
right tendinous
right tenth
right tentorial
right teres
right testicular
right thalamic
right thalamogeniculate
right thalamoperforating
right thalamotuberal
right thigh
right third
right thoracic
right thoraco.acromial
right thoracodorsal
right thoracoepigastric
right thymic
right thyrocervical
right tibial
right tibialis
right tibiofemoral
right tonsil
right tracheobronchial
right transverse
right transversus
right trapezoid
right triangular
right triceps
right trigeminal
right trochlear
right tuberomammillary
right twelfth
right tympanic
right ulnar
right umbilical
right uncal
right uncinate
right upper
right ureteral
right uterine
right uterosacral
right uterotubal
right uterovesical
right utricular
right utriculo.ampullary
right vagal
right vagus
right variant
right vastus
right ventral
right.ventricle.to.pulmonary artery
right ventrolateral
right ventromedial
right vertebral
right vestibular
right vestibulocerebellar
right vestibulocochlear
right vestibulospinal
right zona
right zygomatic
rigid loop
rigler notch
rim enhancement
rim sign
ring of
rings and
ring sign
rings k.space
ring stricture
risk level
rocker.bottom thymus
rolled breast
rolled inferior
rolled lateral
rolled medial
rolled superior
roof of
root canal
rootlet of
root of
root trunk
rosary bead
rostral interstitial
rostral intralaminar
rostral lobe
rostral part
rostral segment
rostrodorsal subnucleus
rostromedial auditory
rostrotemporal auditory
rostrum of
rotating 2d
rotating slant
rotator cuff
round cell
round ligament
round nipple
route of
roux.en.y gastric
rubrospinal tract
rugal fold
rugger jersey
s1 branch
s1 root
s1 segment
s2 branch
s2 root
s2 segment
s3 branch
s3 root
s3 segment
s4 branch
s4 root
s4 segment
s5 branch
s5 segment
saber sheath
saber shin
saccule of
sacral articular
sacral flexure
sacral intervertebral
sacral lymphatic
sacral lymph
sacral parasympathic
sacral segment
sacral spinal
sacral spine
sacral splanchnic
sacral subsegment
sacral sympathetic
sagging rope
sagittal pedicular
sagittal plane
sail sign
saline breast
salivary duct
salivary gland
salt and
salter.harris type
salter type
same organ
satellite lesions
satisfactory drainage
satisfactory hemodynamic
satisfactory inflow
satisfactory outflow
saturation of
scalenus anterior
scalenus branch
scalenus medius
scalenus minimus
scalenus posterior
scallop sign
scanning electron
scan trigger
scaphoid fossa
scapular branch
scapular part
scattered fibroglandular
scattering dome
school age
scimitar sign
scissura of
scleral spur
scleral venous
scotty dog
screening with
scrotal branch
sebaceous gland
second anterior
secondary follicle
secondary pulmonary
secondary spiral
secondary tympanic
secondary visceral
secondary visual
second belly
second cervical
second coccygeal
second common
second diagonal
second distal
second dorsal
second generation
second intercostal
second intercostobrachial
second interspinalis
second lateral
second left
second lumbar
second lumbrical
second medial
second mediastinal
second metacarpal
second palmar
second part
second posterior
second posterolateral
second proper
second right
second sacral
second short
second superior
second tendon
second thoracic
second tube
sector annular
sector mechanical
sector phased
segmental branch
segmental colonic
segmental lymph
segmental medullary
segmental pulmonary
segmental renal
segmental resection
segmental tributary
segmented k.space
segment of
seldinger access
semimembranosus tendon
semimembranosus.tibial collateral
seminal vesicle
semitendinosus tendon
semitic nose
sensory root
sentinel lines
sentinel lymph
septal perforator
septum of
sequential dilation
sequential energy
sequential k.space
sequestrated disc
serial nuclear
seronegative juvenile
serosa of
serpiginous tract
serrated needle
serratus anterior
serratus posterior
sesamoid bone
sesamoid cartilage
set of
seurat spleen
seventh anterior
seventh cervical
seventh intercostal
seventh interspinalis
seventh posterior
seventh thoracic
severe central
severe parenchymal
shaded surface
shaft of
shaggy heart
shapeable wire
sharp edge
sheath of
shell region
shells k.space
shepherd.apos.s crook
short association
short bowel
short cerebral
short ciliary
short circumferential
short descending
short gastric
short head
short insular
shortness of
short posterior
short process
short radiolunate
short rotator
short tau
short vincula
shoulder pad
sickle cell
sideswipe elbow
sigmoid colon
sigmoid elevator
sigmoid lymphatic
sigmoid lymph
sigmoid notch
signal intensity
signal void
signet ring
sign of
silicon drift
silicone breast
silver fork
simple bone
simple bony
simple columnar
simple cuboidal
simple lobule
simple membranous
simple squamous
simultaneous energy
single bubble
single.channel coil
single crystal
single.detector row
single photon
single spinal
single state
single.tuned detection
single.tuned transmission
single turn
sinking pellet
sinoatrial nodal
sinonasal undifferentiated
site of
sixth anterior
sixth cervical
sixth intercostal
sixth interspinalis
sixth posterior
sixth thoracic
skeletal muscle
skeleton of
skewed nasal
skin burn
skin of
skin proper
skull base
skull shape
skull vertex
slice cross
sliding hiatal
sliding window
slipped capital
slow initial
small airway
small bowel
small.bowel feces
small cardiac
small cell
smallest cardiac
small heart
small lung
small orbit
smooth muscle
snake head
snowstorm pattern
socket of
soft tissue
soft.tissue rim
software image
solid and
solid component
solid pulmonary
solid.state ceramic
solid.state crystal
solitary fibrous
solitary lymphoid
solitary rectal
somatic connection
somatic nervous
somatic part
somatic sensory
sonographic bull.apos.s.eye
sonographic murphy
source quantity
space of
spaces of
spanish toxic
spastic urinary
spatial enhancement
spatial.spectral rf
spectral doppler
spectral overlap
sphenoidal margin
sphenoidal process
sphenoid emissary
sphenomandibular ligament
sphenopalatine notch
sphincter of
sphincter urethrovaginalis
spinal accessory
spinal arachnoid
spinal branch
spinal cord
spinal dural
spinal dura
spinal epidural
spinal fixation
spinal nucleus
spinal part
spinal pia
spinal reticular
spinal root
spinal segment
spinal subsegment
spinal tract
spinal tributary
spinal trigeminal
spindle cell
spine of
spine proper
spinnaker sail
spinocortical tract
spinoglenoid segment
spino.olivary tract
spinotectal tract
spinothalamic tract
spinous process
spiral canal
spiral crest
spiral k.space
spiral ligament
spiral membrane
spiral modiolar
spiral prominence
spiral valve
spirometry breathing
splenic branch
splenic flexure
splenic lymphatic
splenic lymph
splenic part
splenic pedicle
splenic recess
splenic venous
splenium of
splenius capitis
splenorenal ligament
split crystal
split pleura
spoiling of
spoke wheel
spontaneous esophageal
squamosal margin
squamous cell
squamous odontogenic
squamous part
squeezed ventricle
stack of
stage of
stalk of
standard balloon
standard pin
standing wave.related
standing with
stanford type
stapedial branch
starry night
stasis in
stasis of
static magnetic
static nuclear
steel embolization
steerable wire
stem of
step and
step.off vertebral
sterile matrix
sternal branch
sternal cupping
sternal end
sternal head
sternal part
sternoclavicular joint
sternocleidomastoid branch
sternocleidomastoid muscle
sternocostal head
stimulated acoustic
stimulated echo
st of
straight cluster
straight head
straight line
straight part
straight portion
straight single
straight tendon
straight wire
strap muscle
stratified columnar
stratified squamous
stratum lemnisci
stratum of
stratum zonale
stretched bronchus
stria medullaris
stria of
striatal cell
striated muscle
striatum of
stria vascularis
string.of.pearls sign
striped colon
stripe sign
stromal neoplasm
stroma of
stroma proper
struggling antrum
stryker notch
styloid process
stylomandibular ligament
subacute combined
subaortic common
subaortic lymph
subarcuate fossa
subareolar region
subarticular spinal
subcallosal cortex
subcapsular c
subcapsular line
subcarinal lymph
subcervical gland
subcervical part
subclavian artery
subclavian branch
subclavian lymphatic
subclavius muscle
subcollicular part
subcoracoid part
subcortex of
subcortical gray
subcortical nodular
subcortical segment
subcutaneous abdominal
subcutaneous infrapatellar
subdiaphragmatic para.aortic
subdiaphragmatic pre.aortic
subdivision of
subependymal giant
subependymal nodular
subepithelial connective
subgenual frontal
subgyral segment
subiculum of
subjective focal.spot
sublabral recess
sublenticular extended
sublenticular part
sublingual fossa
sublingual salivary
submandibular and
submandibular fossa
submandibular lymph
submandibular salivary
submental lymph
submucosal gland
submucosal part
submucosa of
suboccipital venous
suboptimal gradient
suboptimal patient
subperitoneal connective
subperitoneal pelvic
subpleural curvilinear
subpyloric lymphatic
subpyloric lymph
subscapularis branch
subscapular recess
subsegmental lymph
subsegmental pulmonary
subsegment of
subserosal part
subserosa of
substance administration
substance of
substantia gelatinosa
substantia intermedia
substantia nigra
substantia propria
subtendinous bursa
subtendinous prepatellar
subtrigeminal part
subtrigonal gland
subtrigonal part
sulcal segment
sulcus intermedius
sulcus of
sunrise 20
sunrise 40
sunrise 60
superciliary arch
superconducting shim
superficial area
superficial axillary
superficial band
superficial brachial
superficial branch
superficial buccal
superficial central
superficial cerebral
superficial cervical
superficial chest
superficial deltoid
superficial extrinsic
superficial fascia
superficial femoral
superficial flexor
superficial gray
superficial head
superficial hypothenar
superficial inferior
superficial infrapatellar
superficial investing
superficial layer
superficial limb
superficial lymph
superficial medial
superficial middle
superficial muscle
superficial musculature
superficial needle
superficial nerve
superficial olecranon
superficial palmar
superficial parotid
superficial part
superficial perineal
superficial peroneal
superficial posterior
superficial postvertebral
superficial pyramidal
superficial temporal
superficial tendon
superficial transverse
superficial trigonal
superficial white
superior alveolar
superior anastomotic
superior and
superior angle
superior anterior
superior aortic
superior articular
superior belly
superior border
superior branch
superior bulb
superior bursa
superior cardiac
superior central
superior cerebellar
superior cerebral
superior cervical
superior choroidal
superior compartment
superior conjunctival
superior constrictor
superior dental
superior diaphragmatic
superior division
superior duodenal
superior epigastric
superior extensor
superior facet
superior fascia
superior flap
superior frontal
superior ganglion
superior gemellus
superior genicular
superior gingival
superior glenohumeral
superior gluteal
superior head
superior horn
superior hypophyseal
superior ileocecal
superior ileocolic
superior infrapatellar
superior intercostal
superior internal
superior ischial
superior labial
superior lamina
superior laryngeal
superior lateral
superior left
superior ligament
superior linear
superior lingular
superior longitudinal
superior lumbar
superior macular
superior margin
superior mediastinal
superior medullary
superior mental
superior mesenteric
superior mesial
superior middle
superior nasal
superior notch
superior nuchal
superior oblique
superior occipital
superior occipitofrontal
superior olivary
superior ophthalmic
superior orbital
superior palpebral
superior pancreatic
superior pancreaticoduodenal
superior paraolivary
superior parietal
superior part
superior petrosal
superior pole
superior posterior
superior pre.aortic
superior pubic
superior recess
superior rectal
superior rectus
superior region
superior renal
superior right
superior root
superior sagittal
superior salivary
superior salivatory
superior segmental
superior segment
superior semilunar
superior sphincter
superior subscapular
superior surface
superior synovial
superior tarsal
superior temporal
superior terminal
superior thalamic
superior thalamostriate
superior thoracic
superior thyroid
superior tracheobronchial
superior transverse
superior triangle
superior trunk
superior two.thirds
superior tympanic
superior ulnar
superior vena
superior vermian
superior vesical
superior vestibular
superior zone
superoinferior axial
superolateral face
superolateral segment
superolateral to
superolateral zone
superomedial border
superparamagnetic contrast
superparamagnetic iron
supinator muscle
supinator notch
supine lateral
supplemental motor
supraaortic valve
suprachoroid lamina
supraclavicular lymph
supraclavicular part
supracollicular part
suprahyoid branch
supramarginal gyrus.
suprameatal spine
suprameatal triangle
supraorbital margin
supraorbital nerve
suprapineal recess
suprapyloric lymphatic
suprapyloric lymph
suprarenal impression
suprascapular nerve
supraspinal part
supraspinatus branch
supraspinous part
suprasternal branch
supratentorial primitve
supratonsillar segment
supravesical fossa
suprazygomatic crest
supreme intercostal
supreme nasal
sural communicating
surface coil
surface of
surface proper
surgical capsule
surgical neck
suspensory ligament
suture anchor
swallowing function
swan.ganz catheter
swan neck
symmetric 2
symmetric liver
sympathetic connection
sympathetic nervous
sympathetic root
synchondrosis of
synchronous rf
syndesmosis of
synovial bursa
synovial capsule
synovial cavity
synovial fold
synovial joint
synovial membrane
synovial tendon
synovitis due
synovium of
systemic arterial
systemic venous
systolic jet
t10 branch
t10 segment
t10 vertebral
t11 branch
t11 segment
t11 vertebral
t12 branch
t12 root
t12 segment
t12 vertebral
t1 branch
t1 dorsal
t1.l2 segment
t1 nucleus
t1 root
t1 segment
t1segment of
t1 tumor
t1 ventral
t1 vertebral
t2 branch
t2 segment
t2 star
t2 tumor
t2 vertebral
t3a tumor
t3 branch
t3b tumor
t3c tumor
t3 segment
t3 tumor
t3 vertebral
t4a tumor
t4 branch
t4b tumor
t4 segment
t4 tumor
t4 vertebral
t5 branch
t5 segment
t5 vertebral
t6 branch
t6 segment
t6 vertebral
t7 branch
t7 segment
t7 vertebral
t8 branch
t8 segment
t8 vertebral
t9 branch
t9 segment
t9 vertebral
table.gantry translation
taenia choroidea
taenia coli
taenia libera
taenia mesocolica
taenia omentalis
tagged white
tail of
talar beak
talk to
target practice
target sign
target temperature
tarsal gland
tc.99m dimercapto
tc.99m hepatobiliary
tc.99m human
tc.99m macroaggregated
tc.99m nofetumomab
tc.99m red
tc.99m sulfur
tc.99m white
teardrop sign
teat and
tectorial membrane
tectospinal tract
tela choroidea
telangiectatic focal
telephone receiver
temperature monitoring
temporal brain
temporal branch
temporal crest
temporal enhancement
temporal frontal
temporal horn
temporal line
temporal lobe
temporal occipital
temporal pole
temporal process
temporal segment
temporal surface
temporary embolic
temporary pacemaker
temporo.occipital branch
temporo.occipital part
temporoparietal brain
tendinous arch
tendinous insertion
tendinous sheath
tendon complex
tendon of
tendon proper
tenia of
tennis racquet
tensor fascia
tensor veli
tenth intercostal
tenth thoracic
tentorial basal
tentorial marginal
tentorial surface
teres major
teres minor
terminal branch
terminal notch
terminal nucleus
terminal part
terminal sulcus
terminal superficial
terry thomas
tertiary follicle
test bolus
testis vas
tetralogy of
thenar muscular
thickened posterior
thickened sclera
thick wall
third anterior
third belly
third cervical
third coccygeal
third common
third diagonal
third distal
third dorsal
third generation
third intercostal
third interspinalis
third lateral
third left
third lumbar
third lumbrical
third medial
third mediastinal
third metacarpal
third mogul
third occipital
third palmar
third part
third posterior
third posterolateral
third proper
third right
third sacral
third superior
third tendon
third thoracic
thoracic cardiac
thoracic constriction
thoracic duct
thoracic imaging
thoracic intervertebral
thoracic outlet
thoracic part
thoracic segment
thoracic spinal
thoracic spine
thoracic splanchnic
thoracic subsegment
thoracic sympathetic
thoracic vertebral
thoracodorsal nerve
thoracolumbar spine
thoracolumbar vertebral
thread.and.streak sign
three dimensional
three phase
threshold enhancement
threshold growth
through existing
through ilial
thymic branch
thymic wave
thyroepiglottic part
thyroglossal duct
thyroid articular
thyroid branch
thyroid foramen
thyroid lymph
tibial collateral
tibial condylar
tibial intercondylar
tibialis anterior
tibialis posterior
tibiotalar slant
time of
timi grade
tip of
tissue component
tissue magnetic
tissue of
titanium interbody
tonsillar branch
tonsillohemispheric artery
tonsil of
too small
tositumomab .amp.
total anomalous
total ossicular
toxic gas
trabecula of
trabecular tissue
trace of
tracheal branch
tracheal overlap
track closure
track sign
tract of
tractus spiralis
tram line
tram track
transcatheter stent
transcutaneous electrical
transcutaneous needle
transhepatic tube
transient ischemic
transitional cell
transitional epithelium
transition zone
transjugular intrahepatic
transmit radiofrequency
transmit.receive radiofrequency
transplanted kidney
transposition of
transpulmonary blood
transpulmonary microbubbles
transthoracic lateral
transversalis fascia
transverse acetabular
transverse annular
transverse arch
transverse arytenoid
transverse band
transverse branch
transverse cervical
transverse colon
transverse crest
transverse facial
transverse fold
transverse frontopolar
transverse head
transverse humeral
transverse intermeniscal
transverse layer
transverse ligament
transverse medullary
transverse metacarpal
transverse muscle
transverse occipital
transverse palatine
transverse part
transverse pericardial
transverse pontine
transverse process
transverse ridge
transverse stripe
transverse superior
transverse temporal
transverse vesical
transversus abdominis
transvesical seminal
trapezium.trapezoid interosseous
trapezius branch
trapped air
triangular fibrocartilage
triangular fossa
triangular fovea
triangular part
triangular ridge
triangular septal
tributary of
triceps brachii
triceps branch
tricuspid valve
trigeminal nerve
trigeminal nuclear
trigonal muscle
trigone of
trigone proper
triple bubble
trochanter of
trochar access
trochlea of
trochlear fossa
trochlear fovea
trochlear nerve
trochlear spine
trough line
true anteroposterior
true lateral
true tumor
trummerfeld scurvy
trunk of
trunk proper
t tube
tubal air
tubal branch
tubal extremity
tubal glands
tube current.time
tube or
tubercle of
tuber of
tuberosity of
tuberous sclerosis
tubular artery
tubular small
tumbling bolt
tumbling bullet
tumefactive form
tumor in
tumor internal
tumor invasion
tumor.like lesion
tumor seeding
tumor stage
tumor thrombus
tumor track
tumor vascularity
tunica albuginea
tunica vaginalis
tunneled catheter
tunneled central
turbulent flow
twelfth thoracic
twin dichorionic
twinkling star
twin peak
twisted tape
two.dimensional selective
tympanic aperture
tympanic lip
tympanic part
tympanic segment
type 1
type 2
type 3
type i
type ii
type iii
type iv
typically benign
ulnar arm
ulnar attachment
ulnar collateral
ulnar deviation
ulnar head
ulnar metacarpophalangeal
ulnar nerve
ulnar proper
ulnar recurrent
ulnar sulcus
ultra.high collimator
ultra.high energy
ultrasmall superparamagnetic
ultrasound transducer
umbilical arterial
umbilical prevesical
umbilical venous
umbo of
uncinate fasciculus
uncinate process
uncompleted exam
unintended perforation
unnamed branch
unnamed tributary
unpaired dural
unpaired thyroid
unstratified part
upper abdominal
upper anterior
upper band
upper branch
upper deep
upper edge
upper esophageal
upper extremity
upper gastrointestinal
upper gi
upper head
upper inner
upper limit
upper lobar
upper lobe
upper lung
upper mediastinum
upper outer
upper paratracheal
upper pole
upper portion
upper quadrant
upper respiratory
upper subscapular
upper triangle
upper trunk
upper uterine
upper zone
ureteral stent
ureteric segment
ureteropelvic junction
urethral crest
uric acid
urinary fistula
urinary tract
urogenital part
usual interstitial
uterine artery
uterine extremity
uterine orifice
uterine paracervical
uterine part
uterine tube
utricle of
uveal part
uvula of
uvular branch
v1 segment
v2 segment
v3 segment
v4 segment
vacuolar myelopathy
vacuum cleaner
vacuum disk
vacuum facet
vagal branch
vagal nerve
vagal part
vagal reaction
vaginal branch
vaginal or
vaginal process
vagus nerve
vallecula of
valve pressure
valvular heart
van neck
variable detector
variant ansa
variant branch
variant cervical
variant dorsal
variant gray
variant interganglionic
variant lumbar
variant mesentery
variant paravertebral
variant peritoneal
variant root
variant spinal
variant superficial
variant supraduodenal
variant thoracic
variation of
vascular anomaly
vascular branch
vascular circle
vascular convergence
vascular cut.off
vascular disorder
vascular entrapment
vascular flow
vascular fold
vascularity not
vascularity present
vascular lamina
vascular layer
vascular loop
vascular nodule
vascular plethora
vascular pole
vascular treatment
vasculature of
vas prominens
vas spirale
vastus intermedius
vastus lateralis
vastus medialis
vault of
vector phased
vein of
vena cava
vena comitans
venous shunt
venous sinus
venous treatment
venous tree
ventral acoustic
ventral amygdalofugal
ventral anterior
ventral branch
ventral corticospinal
ventral external
ventral fasciculi
ventral fasciculus
ventral funiculus
ventral gigantocellular
ventral gray
ventral horn
ventral intermediate
ventral lamella
ventral lateral
ventral medial
ventral median
ventral nuclear
ventral nucleus
ventral oculomotor
ventral paramedian
ventral paraventricular
ventral part
ventral periolivary
ventral pontoreticulospinal
ventral posterior
ventral posteroinferior
ventral posterolateralal
ventral posterolateral
ventral posteromedial
ventral premammillary
ventral raphespinal
ventral reticular
ventral reticulospinal
ventral segment
ventral spinocerebellar
ventral spinothalamic
ventral subdivision
ventral supraoptic
ventral tegmental
ventral tributary
ventral trigeminal
ventral vestibulospinal
ventral white
ventricular branch
ventricular septal
ventricular system
ventrolateral nucleus
ventrolateral prefrontal
ventrolateral segment
ventrolateral sulcus
ventromedial hypothalamic
ventromedial part
ventromedial segment
vermis of
vermis part
verrucous keratotic
vertebral body
vertebral canal
vertebral fade.off
vertebral segment
verterbal part
vertex of
vertical crest
vertical limb
vertical long
vertical muscle
vertical occipital
vertical segment
vessel of
vessels in
vestibular lip
vestibular part
vestibular surface
vestibule of
vestibulocochlear nerve
vestibulospinal tract
vestigial embryonic
via enteroclysis
via existing
video image
view.to.view intensity
vincula of
vipr k.space
virchow inferior
visceral abdominal
visceral branch
visceral fascia
visceral lymph
visceral part
visceral pelvic
visceral peritoneum
visceral pre.aortic
visceral serous
visceral surface
viscerocranial mucosal
viscerocranial mucosa
viscous serous
visible anatomic
visible internal
vocal process
volar compartment
volar plate
volar radioulnar
volar ulnocarpal
volar ulnolunate
volar ulnotriquetral
volume ct
volume rendering
von rosen
v sign
wagging tongue
waist of
wall of
wall proper
wall sign
washout delayed
wasp waist
water droplets
watering can
water lily
waters stereo
waters upright
weber type
wedge compression
weight.based reconstitution
well differentiated
wernicke visual
west point
white commissure
white communicating
white line
white matter
white pulp
whole.body detector
whole body
whole portion
widened disk
widened loop
widened suture
wigby taylor
wimberger sign
wing of
with delayed
with fetal
within.view motion
without and
without fetal
without physician
with physician
workers.apos. compensation.related
xenon imaging
xenon ionization
xray equipment
y.90 ibitumomab
yolk sac
zero.filling of
zipper in
zona fasciculata
zona glomerulosa
zonal layer
zonal subnucleus
zona reticularis
zone of
zonular space
zygomatic branch
zygomatic margin
zygomaticofacial branch
zygomaticomaxillary suture
zygomaticotemporal branch
zygomatic process
zygomaticus major
zygomaticus minor
