10m post
1.2 muscles
1.2 views
1.5h post
15m post
18f.sodium fluoride
1h post
1 level
1 view
2.3 views
2.4 views
2h post
2 views
30m post
3.4 views
3.5 views
3 sign
3 views
45m post
4.5 views
48h post
4.dimensional ct
4 views
5 views
6 views
7 views
80. adult
8 views
abdomen proper
abdominal aorta
abdominal cavity
abdominal peritoneum
abdominal quadrant
abdominopelvic cavity
abdominopelvic junction
abdominoperineal resection
abducens nerve
abrupt interface
abscess complication
absent rim
acalculous cholecystitis
acanthioparietal projection
acanthosis nigricans
acceleration.encoding gradient
accentuated lordosis
accessory breast
accessory nerve
accessory pancreas
accessory spleen
access procedure
accordion sign
ace inhibitor
acellular membrane
acetabular fossa
acetabular labrum
acetabular notch
achilles tendon
acorn deformity
acoustic radiation
acoustic schwannoma
acoustic tubercle
acquired cholesteatoma
acquisition duration
acromioclavicular joint
acromion proper
actionable finding
active expiration
acute abdomen
adc measurement
adc value
additional area
additional day
additional gestation
additional location
additional procedure
additional puncture
additional vessel
additional views
adductor canal
adductor tubercle
adenoid hyperplasia
adenomatous polyp
adenosine stress
adenosquamous carcinoma
adipose tissue
adrenal artery
adrenal gland
adrenal region
adrenal surgery
adrenal vein
adrenal vessel
age appropriate
agger nasi
aggressiveness descriptor
aggressive osteoblastoma
ahlb√§ck disease
aids cholangitis
air containing
air contrast
air embolism
air trapping
airway abnormality
airway ectasia
alar fascia
alar ligament
alcohol.induced disorder
alexander view
aliasing artifact
alimentary air
alimentary system
alkaline encrustation
alkaline.induced disorder
almost certainly
alobar holoprosencephaly
alveolar arch
alzheimer disease
ambient cistern
ameloblastic fibrodentinoma
ameloblastic fibroma
ameloblastic fibro.odontoma
ameloblastic fibrosarcoma
ameloblastic odontosarcoma
a.mode ultrasound
amorphous calcification
amygdaloclaustral area
amygdalohippocampal area
amyloid angiopathy
amyloid arthropathy
amyloid deposition
anal canal
anal sphincter
analytical difficulty
analytical reconstruction
anaplastic ependymoma
anaplastic meningioma
anaplastic oligoastrocytoma
anaplastic oligodendroglioma
anastomotic leak
anastomotic narrowing
anatomical anomaly
anatomical cavity
anatomical cluster
anatomical compartment
anatomical conduit
anatomical contrast
anatomical entity
anatomical fissure
anatomical fold
anatomical junction
anatomical line
anatomical lobe
anatomically.related descriptor
anatomically.specified artery
anatomically.specified vein
anatomical orifice
anatomical passageway
anatomical plane
anatomical point
anatomical set
anatomical snuffbox
anatomical space
anatomical structure
anatomical surface
anatomical valve
anatomic artifact
anatomic sub.part
anatomic success
anchor screw
anconeus muscle
andersson lesion
androgen producing
aneurysm clip
angina complication
angiography attribute
angiomatous meningioma
angio time
angle sign
angular gyrus
angular margin
angular vein
ankle fracture
ankle joint
ankle retinacula
ankylosing spondylitis
annular tear
annular transducer
annulus fibrosus
anococcygeal nerve
anorectal flexure
ansa cervicalis
ansa lenticularis
ansa peduncularis
ansa subclavia
antebrachial fascia
antenna applicator
antenna coil
anterior chest
anterior commissure
anterior mediastinum
anterior nucleus
anterior plane
anterior resection
anterior urethra
anterodorsal nucleus
anterolateral projection
anteromedial nucleus
anteroposterior projection
anteroventral nucleus
anterversion measurement
antibiotic beads
antihelical fossa
anti.ringing filter
antitragus muscle
antral gastritis
aortic arch
aortic dissection
aortic stenosis
aortic valve
aortopulmonary window
apert syndrome
apical cap
apical pleura
apical projection
apical sign
appendiceal mucocele
appendicular artery
appendicular skeleton
appendicular vein
appendix proper
applecore lesion
applesauce sign
approximate reconstruction
ap view
aqueous humor
arachnoid cyst
arachnoid granulation
arachnoid mater
arachnoid trabecula
arachnoid villus
arbor vitae
arcein view
architectural distortion
arcuate eminence
arcuate fasciculus
arcuate sign
area postrema
area x
areolar gland
arrhythmia artifact
arrowhead sign
arterial anastomosis
arterial anomaly
arterial dissection
arterial flow
arterial phase
arterial plexus
arterial switch
arterial system
arterial trunk
arteriovenous fistula
arteriovenous malformation
arthritis descriptor
arthritis mutilans
arthritis serology
arthroplasty device
arthroplasty loosening
articular cartilage
articular disc
articular facet
articularis cubiti
articularis genus
articular surface
artificial disk
aryepiglottic fold
arytenoid cartilage
asbestos.related disease
ascending aorta
ascending cholangitis
ascending colon
ascending mesocolon
assessment procedure
asterisk sign
asymmetric enhancement
asymmetric size
ataxia telangiectasia
atheromatous embolism
atherosclerotic aneurysm
atherosclerotic plaque
atlantoaxial joint
atlantoaxial ligament
atlantooccipital articulation
at rest
atrial appendage
atrophic gastritis
attenuation characteristic
atypical epithelium
atypical lipoma
atypical meningioma
auditory cortex
augmentation cystoplasty
augmentation maneuver
auricular cartilage
auricular muscle
auriculotemporal nerve
autoimmune disease
autoimmune pancreatitis
autonomic ganglion
autonomic nerve
avalanche diode
avascular necrosis
average diameter
avulsion fracture
axial plane
axial projection
axial skeleton
axillary adenopathy
axillary artery
axillary nerve
axillary region
axillary ribs
axillary tail
axillary vein
axillary view
axiolateral projection
azygoesophageal recess
azygos arch
azygos fissure
azygos vein
backwash ileitis
bacterial infection
bag.of.worms sign
baker cyst
balloon catheter
balloon deployment
balloon length
balloon material
balloon.on.a.string sign
balloon type
ball sign
bamboo spine
banana sign
band heterotopia
banding artifact
bankart deformity
bariatric surgery
barium embolism
barium enema
barium paste
bartholins duct
barton fracture
basal forebrain
basal vein
basilar artery
basilar meningitis
basilar sulcus
basilar view
basilic vein
basis pontis
basket retrieval
battery pack
beaded ureter
beam collimation
beam pitch
beam.shaping filter
beclere view
beehive.on.the.bladder sign
beger procedure
bending maneuver
bending position
bending view
benign finding
bennett fracture
berry aneurysm
bertel view
biceps anchor
bicipitoradial bursa
bicornate uterus
bicycle exercise
bifurcated ligament
bile duct
bile.duct exploration
biliary contrast
biliary dyskinesia
biliary.enteric anastomosis
biliary system
biliary tree
biliopancreatic bypass
biliopancreatic diversion
binswanger disease
biological macromolecule
biological process
biopsy brush
biopsy coil
biopsy instrument
biphasic flow
biphasic mesothelioma
bipolar applicator
bipolar gradient
bi.rads 0
bi.rads 1
bi.rads 2
bi.rads 3
bi.rads 4
bi.rads 4a
bi.rads 4b
bi.rads 4c
bi.rads 5
bi.rads 6
bi.rads assessment
bi.rads n.a
birdcage coil
bite sign
biventral lobule
bladder calculus
bladder disorder
bladder sign
bladder surgery
blade.of.grass sign
blade plate
blalock.taussig shunt
bleeding complication
bletilla striata
blighted ovum
blinded interpretation
blind loop
blind pouch
blister.of.the.cervix sign
block vertebra
blood disease
blood removal
blood vessel
blount disease
blunt injury
b.mode ultrasound
boari flap
body cavity
body filter
body piercing
body proper
body region
body.system.specific disorder
body wall
bolus infusion
bone age
bone crest
bone cyst
bone density
bone disorder
bone dowel
bone.forming neoplasm
bone fragment
bone graft
bone grafting
bone.in.bone sign
bone kernel
bone length
bone marrow
bone organ
bone region
bone spine
bony labyrinth
bony palate
bora view
border sign
boutonniere deformity
bouveret syndrome
bowel anastomosis
bowel contrast
bowel dyskinesia
bowing fracture
box.like heart
brachial artery
brachial fascia
brachialis muscle
brachial plexus
brachial vein
brachiocephalic artery
brachiocephalic vein
brachioradialis muscle
brachytherapy catheter
brailsford disease
brain damage
brain death
brain kernel
brain region
brain stimulator
breast cancer
breast implant
breast mass
breast proper
breast specimen
breast surgery
breast tissue
breast view
breathing control
breathing maneuver
breathing suspension
bremsstrahlung imaging
brenner tumor
brewerton view
bridge plate
brim sign
broca area
broden view
brodie abscess
brodmann area
bronchial artery
bronchial tree
bronchial vein
bronchiolar prominence
bronchioloalveolar carcinoma
bronchoesophageal fistula
bronchovascular bundle
buccal artery
buccal nerve
buccinator muscle
buccopharyngeal fascia
buchman disease
bucket.handle tear
budd.chiari syndrome
bulbar conjunctiva
bulbar urethra
bulbopontine sulcus
bulboreticulospinal tract
bullous emphysema
burman view
burns disease
burst fracture
butterfly coil
butterfly shadow
c1 segment
c2 segment
c3 segment
c4 segment
c5 segment
c6 segment
c7 segment
c8 segment
ca1 field
ca2 field
ca3 field
ca4 field
cadmium iodide
cadmium telluride
caffey disease
cahoon view
calamus scriptorius
calcaneal apophysis
calcaneal plate
calcaneal sulcus
calcaneal tuberosity
calcaneocuboid joint
calcaneofibular ligament
calcaneonavicular coalition
calcar avis
calcarine artery
calcarine spur
calcarine sulcus
calcification disorder
calcific periarthritis
calcium score
calcium stone
caldwell view
calibrated microspheres
callback technical
callosomarginal artery
cancellous screw
canine tooth
capillary hemangioma
capillary malformation
capitohamate joint
capitohamate ligament
capitolunate joint
capsule appearance
carbon.14 urea
carcinoid tumor
carcinoid valvulopathy
cardiac acquisition
cardiac chamber
cardiac defibrillator
cardiac filter
cardiac.gated acquisition
cardiac gating
cardiac region
cardiac septum
cardiac shunt
cardiac sphincter
cardiac tamponade
cardiac transplantation
cardiac triggering
cardiac vein
cardinal ligament
cardiomyopathy descriptor
cardiophrenic sulcus
cardiovascular complication
cardiovascular disorder
cardiovascular surgery
cardiovascular system
cardresp gated
cardresp.gated acquisition
carmustine wafer
caroticoclinoid foramen
caroticotympanic artery
caroticotympanic canaliculus
caroticotympanic nerve
carotid canal
carotid sinus
carotid space
carotid sulcus
carotid triangle
carpal bone
carpal sign
carpal tunnel
carpometacarpal joint
cartilage defect
cartilage disorder
cartilage.forming neoplasm
cartilage organ
cartilage process
cartilage tissue
cartilaginous joint
caspar plate
castleman disease
cathartic colon
catheter angiography
catheter descriptor
catheter exchange
catheter insertion
catheter removal
catheter reposition
catheter retrieval
catlin sign
caudal view
caudate nucleus
caudocranial projection
caustic colitis
caustic gastritis
caustic.induced disorder
causton view
cavernous angioma
cavernous artery
cavernous organ
cavernous sinus
cavernous transformation
cavitated organ
cavum trigeminale
cecal bascule
cecal caput
cecal fold
cecum proper
celiac artery
celiac disease
celiac ganglion
cellular ependymoma
cellular schwannoma
cementifying fibroma
central enhancement
central hypodensity
central lobule
central neurocytoma
central nucleus
central osteophyte
central osteosarcoma
central plane
central scar
central sulcus
central tendon
centrilobular emphysema
centripetal fill.in
centromedian nucleus
cephalic vein
cephalic view
ceratocricoid ligament
ceratocricoid muscle
ceratoglossus muscle
cerebellar commissure
cerebellar cortex
cerebellar disorder
cerebellar liponeurocytoma
cerebellar medulla
cerebellar peduncle
cerebellar vein
cerebellopontine angle
cerebral aqueduct
cerebral artery
cerebral cingulum
cerebral cortex
cerebral crus
cerebral hemisphere
cerebral herniation
cerebral palsy
cerebral subcortex
cerebral vein
cerebral ventricle
cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
cerebrovascular disease
certainty descriptor
ceruleospinal tract
cervical brace
cervical cancer
cervical collar
cervical ganglion
cervical intertransversarius
cervical nerve
cervical plexus
cervical ribs
cervical rotator
cervical vertebra
cervicothoracic.brachial compartment
cervicothoracic ganglion
cervicothoracic junction
cervicothoracic sign
cesarean section
chalice sign
chamberlain view
chance fracture
change descriptor
charcot.marie.tooth disease
chauffeur fracture
check tube
chemical element
chest mass
chest pain
chest wall
chiari malformation
chilaiditi syndrome
child abuse
chimney coil
chisel fracture
choanal atresia
cholangiocellular carcinoma
cholecystokinetic agent
choledochal cyst
cholegraphic contrast
cholesterol deposition
cholesterol granuloma
cholesterol polyp
chondroblastic osteosarcoma
chondroglossus muscle
chondroid lipoma
chondromyxoid fibroma
chopart fracture.dislocation
chordae tendineae
chorda tympani
chordoid meningioma
chorionic villus
choroidal detachment
choroidal fissure
choroid plexitis
chromophobe adenocarcinoma
ciliary body
ciliary ganglion
ciliary muscle
ciliary plicae
ciliary process
ciliary vein
cine loop
cingulate gyrus
cingulate sulcus
circular sulcus
circumferential enhancement
circumscribed margin
circumscribed neurofibroma
cirrhosis.associated nodules
cisterna magna
classic medulloblastoma
claw foot
claw hand
clay suspension
cleaves view
cleland ligament
clements view
clinical finding
clinical success
clinical transducer
clip artifact
clip placement
cloacogenic carcinoma
closed epiphysis
closed fracture
closed.loop obstruction
clot disruption
clover.leaf skull
clumped enhancement
clustered microcysts
cluster.of.grapes sign
c.mode ultrasound
coarse calcification
coarse heterogeneous
cobalt.57 cyanocobalamin
cobblestone pattern
coccygeal ganglion
coccygeal ligament
coccygeal nerve
coccygeal segment
coccygeal vertebra
cochlear aqueduct
cochlear branch
cochlear canaliculus
cochlear duct
cochlear ganglion
cochlear implant
cochlear labyrinth
cochlear nerve
cochlear nucleus
cochlear recess
cockade image
cockayne syndrome
codman triangle
coin lesion
colic flexure
collar sign
collateral eminence
collateral ganglion
collateral sulcus
collateral trigone
colles fascia
colles fracture
collicular artery
collimation error
collis gastroplasty
colloid cyst
coloanal anastomosis
coloanal pull.through
colonic gland
colonic interposition
colonic resection
colon sign
colon surgery
color descriptor
colorectal cancer
colovesical fistula
combined modalities
combined transducer
comb sign
comet sign
comet.tail artifact
comminuted fracture
common duct
communicating cyst
communicating hydrocephalus
compact bone
comparison image
comparison report
comparison section
compartment space
compartment subdivision
compartment syndrome
compensation filter
complete evaluation
completely solid
complex odontoma
compliant balloon
complicated cyst
composition descriptor
compound odontoma
compression fracture
computed imaging
computed radiography
computed tomography
computer.aided detection
concommitance descriptor
condensing osteitis
conductivity artifact
condylar canal
condylomata acuminata
cone view
congenital agammaglobulinemia
congenital cholesteatoma
congenital disorder
congenital malformation
congenital stenosis
conjoined tendon
conjugated hyperbilirubinemia
conjunctival gland
conjunctival sac
conoid ligament
conoid tubercle
conray 30
conray 43
constrictive pericarditis
continuous delivery
continuous exposure
contraceptive device
contrast agent
conus artery
conus elasticus
conus medullaris
conventional tomography
converging collimator
coracoacromial ligament
coracobrachialis muscle
coracoclavicular ligament
coracohumeral ligament
coracoid process
cord compression
cord sign
core needle
corkscrew collaterals
corner sign
corniculate cartilage
corniculate tubercle
corona ciliaris
corona enhancement
coronal plane
coronal suture
coronal vein
corona radiata
coronary artery
coronary ligament
coronary sinus
cor pulmonale
corpus callosum
corpus cavernosum
corpus medullare
corpus spongiosum
corpus striatum
cortical screw
corticobulbar tract
corticomedullary organ
corticomedullary phase
corticonuclear fiber
corticopontine fiber
corticopontine tract
corticoreticular fiber
corticoreticulospinal tract
corticorubrospinal tract
corticospinal.corticobulbar pathway
corticospinal tract
corticotectal tract
corticotectospinal tract
costal pleura
costo.axillary vein
costocentral joint
costocervical artery
costocervical space
costocervical trunk
costoclavicular compartment
costoclavicular ligament
costoclavicular space
costomediastinal recess
costophrenic sulcus
costotransverse ligament
costovertebral joint
costovertebral ligament
cowpers gland
cowper syringocele
cranial nerve
cranial suture
craniocaudal projection
craniocervical junction
craniopharyngeal canal
craniothoracic junction
crazy.paving pattern
crazy.paving sign
crescent sign
cribriform foramen
cribriform plate
cricoarytenoid joint
cricoarytenoid ligament
cricoid cartilage
cricopharyngeal ligament
cricopharyngeal myotomy
cricothyroid joint
cricothyroid ligament
cricothyroid muscle
cricothyroid tube
cricotracheal ligament
criss.cross grid
crista galli
crohn disease
cromlech sign
crossed ectopia
crossover sign
cruciate ligament
cruciform ligament
crural cistern
crural fascia
cryoplasty balloon
cryoprobe applicator
cryosurgical ablation
crystal deposition
csf flow
c sign
ct detector
ct device
cubital compartment
cuboid tuberosity
cumulus oophorus
cuneiform bone
cuneiform cartilage
cuneiform nucleus
cuneiform tubercle
cuneocerebellar tract
cuneocuboid joint
cunieform nucleus
cupola sign
current delivery
curvature malposition
curvature sign
curved sheath
curved transducer
cut down
cutting balloon
cyclops lesion
cymba conchae
cystic angiomatosis
cystic artery
cystic disease
cystic duct
cystic fibrosis
cystic hygroma
cystic nephroma
cystic plexus
cystic vein
cystine stone
cystitis cystica
cystitis glandularis
cysto.conray ii
cystoduodenal fold
cystografin dilute
cystohepatic triangle
cystourethrography chain
dagger sign
danger space
data.acquisition period
death complication
deciduous tooth
decubitus position
decubitus view
decussation tegmentum
dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma
dedifferentiated liposarcoma
deep biopsy
deep breaths
deep drainage
deep position
deep sedation
defecation maneuver
deficiency disorder
definitely not
degenerative disorder
degenerative polyarthritis
degenerative spondylolisthesis
delay code
delayed emptying
delayed phase
deltoid muscle
deltoid tubercle
deltoid tuberosity
dementia pugilistica
demyelinating disease
denervation procedure
dens fracture
density descriptor
density.related entity
dental device
dental filling
dental scan
dentate nucleus
dentatorubral fiber
dentatothalamic tract
denticulate ligament
dentigerous cyst
dento.alveolar joint
deployment technique
depressed position
depression fracture
dequervain dislocation
dermoid cyst
desault dislocation
descending aorta
descending colon
descending mesocolon
desmoplastic fibroma
desmoplastic medulloblastoma
destruction pattern
detachable balloon
detector type
determination type
detrusor areflexia
detrusor hyperreflexia
developing asymmetry
developmental disorder
deviation position
device conversion
device descriptor
device exchange
device manipulation
device.related complication
device removal
device repair
device replacement
device retrieval
device revision
diabetic cheiroarthropathy
diagnostic imaging
diagnostic quality
diagonal band
dialysis fistula
dialysis spondyloarthropathy
diameter increase
diameter reduction
diameter stability
diaphragma sellae
diaphragmatic fascia
diaphragmatic hernia
diaphragmatic peritoneum
diaphragmatic pleura
diaphragmatic rupture
diaphyseal fracture
diaphysis proper
dias disease
diastolic flow
diastolic pseudogating
diastrophic dysplasia
dietrich disease
diffuse enhancement
diffuse prostatitis
diffuse spasm
diffusion weighted
diffusion.weighted hyperintensity
diffusion weighting
digastric muscle
digital radiography
digitization.error artifact
dilated cardiomyopathy
dilation procedure
dilution method
dimple sign
diploic space
diploic vein
dipyridamole stress
direct application
direct coronal
direct extension
direct injection
discal displacement
discal plane
disc bulge
disc containment
disc dessication
disc extrusion
disc herniation
disc location
discogenic change
disc protrusion
disease progression
disease spread
disk kidney
displaced anatomy
displaced gas
displaced substance
distal embolization
distal epiphysis
distal metaphysis
distal tendon
distinctive rim
distribution pattern
diverging collimator
diversion colitis
dobbhoff tube
dobutamine stress
doppler mode
dorsal elbow
dorsal pallidum
dorsal striatum
dorsolateral nucleus
dorsolateral sulcus
dorsolateral tract
dorsoplantar projection
dorsum sellae
dose extravasation
double.barreled colostomy
double.contrast imaging
double exposure
double.line sign
doughnut sign
downstream duct
drainage catheter
drainage device
drip infusion
driven equilibrium
dromedary hump
dropped gallstones
drug.induced colitis
drug.induced disorder
dual.energy ct
dual interpretation
dual phase
dual source
ductal adenocarcinoma
ductal enhancement
duct changes
duct ectasia
ductus reuniens
dumping syndrome
duodenal ampulla
duodenal bulb
duodenal epithelium
duodenal fold
duodenal gland
duodenal papilla
duodenal recess
duodenal switch
duodenojejunal junction
duodenojejunal orifice
duodenojejunal recess
duplex kidney
duplex ultrasound
duplication cyst
dural artery
dural based
dural ectasia
dura mater
during symptoms
dyke.davidoff.masson syndrome
dysbaric osteonecrosis
dysplastic nodule
dystrophic calcification
early complication
early onset
ear.nose.throat disorder
ear surgery
ebstein anomaly
echogenic halo
echogenicity characteristic
echo planar
echo time
ectopic kidney
ectopic pregnancy
ectopic tissue
eddy currents
edge sign
effective mas
effusion descriptor
egg.on.its.side heart
ejaculatory duct
ejection fraction
ekg gating
elasticity descriptor
elbow joint
elderly adult
electrical stimulator
electrocardiogram lead
electrode applicator
electroencephalogram probe
elevated amount
elevated position
ellipse sign
elliptical filter
embolic agent
embolic material
emboliform nucleus
embolization coil
embryonal carcinoma
embryonal sarcoma
embryonic structure
eminentia conchae
eminentia scaphae
emissary vein
emphysematous cholecystitis
emphysematous gastritis
encapsulated margin
encapsulated microbubbles
encephalotrigeminal angiomatosis
end colostomy
endemic osteoarthritis
end expiration
endo.abdominal fascia
endocavitary transducer
endocrine pancreas
endograft placement
endolemniscal nucleus
endoluminal coil
endolymphatic duct
endolymphatic sac
endometrial cancer
endometrial cavity
endometrial stroma
endomyocardial fibrosis
endopeduncular nucleus
endopelvic fascia
endorectal coil
endorectal transducer
endorectal view
endoscopic sclerotherapy
endoscopic transducer
endotracheal tube
endovaginal coil
endovaginal transducer
endovaginal view
endovascular coil
endovascular device
endovascular transducer
end plate
end.to.end anastomosis
end.to.side anastomosis
enhancement pattern
enhancement phase
enhancement uniformity
enlarged liver
enlarged spleen
enteric ganglion
entering airway
enterocutaneous fistula
enteroenteric anastomosis
enteroenteric fistula
enterovesical fistula
entorhinal area
entrapment syndrome
enumeration term
eosinophilic cholangitis
eosinophilic colitis
eosinophilic cystitis
eosinophilic esophagitis
eosinophilic gastritis
eosinophilic gastroenteritis
eosinophilic granuloma
eosinophilic pneumonia
eosinophilic ureteritis
ependymal cyst
ependymal tumor
ependyma proper
epicranial aponeurosis
epidural anesthesia
epidural hematoma
epidural route
epidural space
epiglottic cartilage
epiglottic tubercle
epiglottic vallecula
epiphyseal plate
epiploic appendage
epiploic appendagitis
epiploic foramen
episcleral artery
episcleral vein
epispadias repair
epithelial mesothelioma
epithelial neoplasm
epithelioid hemangioendothelioma
epithelioid hemangioma
equal density
erdheim.chester disease
erect view
erosive gastritis
erosive osteoarthritis
esophageal bougienage
esophageal cancer
esophageal dilatation
esophageal gland
esophageal intubation
esophageal plexus
esophageal vein
esophageal web
esophagus surgery
essex.lopresti fracture
ethmoidal bulla
ethmoidal infundibulum
ethmoidal vein
ethmoid bone
ethmoidolacrimal suture
ethmoidomaxillary suture
ethmoid sinus
eustachian tube
evaluate transplant
ewing sarcoma
exact reconstruction
exam markup
exam opened
excretory phase
exemplary quality
exhalation maneuver
exocrine pancreas
exposure error
extension maneuver
extension position
extension view
extensor digitorum
extensor muscle
extensor retinacula
extensor retinaculum
external capsule
external device
external ear
external fixator
external genitalia
external hydrocephalus
external oblique
extracapsular silicone
extracorporeal application
extra.embryonic structure
extraforaminal plane
extrahepatic duct
extramedullary hematopoiesis
extramedullary space
extraocular muscle
extraperitoneal compartment
extraperitoneal space
extrapleural sign
extrapontine myelinolysis
extraserosal fascia
extrathyroidal extension
extreme capsule
extremely dense
extremity artery
extremity vein
extremity vessel
exudative retinitis
eye.of.the.tiger sign
f0. indeterminate
f1. normal
f2. abnormal.insignificant
f3. abnormal.significant
fabella sign
faceless kidney
facet block
facial artery
facial canal
facial colliculus
facial nerve
facial vein
fahr syndrome
falciform ligament
false lumen
falx cerebelli
falx cerebri
falx sign
familial dysautonomia
fascia organ
fasciculus interfascicularis
fasciculus peduncularis
fasciola cinerea
fasciolar gyrus
fastigial nucleus
fastigiospinal tract
fast.spin echo
fat body
fat deposition
fat embolism
fatigue fracture
fat inversion
fat necrosis
fat packing
fat saturation
fat sign
fatty layer
fatty neoplasm
fatty streak
fbi sign
feeding artery
feeding tube
female abdomen
female back
female breast
female pelvis
female perineum
female thorax
female trunk
female urethra
femoral artery
femoral canal
femoral fossa
femoral hernia
femoral neck
femoral nerve
femoral triangle
femoral vein
femoral vessel
femoroacetabular impingement
femur measurement
ferguson view
fermi filter
ferric chloride
ferrioxamine methanesulfonate
fetal abnormality
fetal age
fetal growth
fiber applicator
fibrillary astrocytoma
fibroblastic liposarcoma
fibroblastic osteosarcoma
fibroepithelial neoplasm
fibroepithelial polyp
fibroglandular tissue
fibromuscular dysplasia
fibrosing colonopathy
fibrous dysplasia
fibrous histiocytoma
fibrous joint
fibrous meningioma
fibrous mesothelioma
fibrous pericardium
fibrous plaque
fibrovascular polyp
fibular bursa
fiducial marker
fiducial placement
field h
field h2
fifth digit
fifth metatarsal
fifth toe
filiform papillae
film.based images
filter placement
filter removal
filter repositioning
filum terminale
fimbriated fold
final day
fine linear
fine.needle aspiration
fine pleomorphic
first digit
first pass
first trimester
fishhook ureter
fish vertebra
fisk view
fissura antitragohelicina
fissure sign
fistula contrast
fixation device
fixator break
fixator problem
fixed grid
flail leaflet
flap tear
flat bone
fleischner line
fleischner view
flexible coil
flexion deformity
flexion maneuver
flexion position
flexion view
flexor muscle
flexor retinaculum
flip angle
floccular peduncle
flow disorder
flow.related artifact
flow.sensitizing gradient
fluid disorder
fluid.fluid level
fluid localization
fluorine.18 av.45
fluorine.18 fluorodeoxyglucose
fluorocarbon poisoning
fluoroscopy acquisition
fluoroscopy time
focal asymmetry
focal bulge
focal enhancement
focal proliferation
focal prostatitis
focal scar
focused grid
foliate papillae
follow.up procedure
fontan procedure
football sign
foramen caecum
foramen lacerum
foramen magnum
foramen nervosa
foramen ovale
foramen petrosum
foramen rotundum
foramen spinosum
foramen transversarium
foraminal plane
forceps major
forceps minor
forceps retrieval
foreign body
fossa ovalis
fourier reconstruction
four.tendon sign
fourth digit
fourth toe
fourth ventricle
fovea centralis
fovea ethmoidalis
fracture augmentation
fracture dislocation
fracture fixation
fracture malunion
fracture nonunion
fragment.in.notch sign
free limb
free silicone
free taenia
freiberg infraction
frequency matrix
frey procedure
friedman view
friedreich ataxia
friedrich disease
fringe artifact
frontal bone
frontal lobe
frontal nerve
frontal operculum
frontal pole
frontal projection
frontal sinus
frontal vein
frontoethmoidal suture
frontolacrimal suture
frontomarginal gyrus
frontomaxillary suture
frontonasal suture
frontopontine fiber
frontopontine tract
frontotemporal dementia
frontozygomatic suture
fuchs view
function descriptor
fungal microabscess
fungiform papillae
funiculus separans
fusiform aneurysm
fusiform gyrus
fusion plate
gadobenate dimeglumine
gadofosveset trisodium
gadolinium chelate
gadolinium.labeled albumin
gadolinium.labeled dextran
gadolinium oxide
gadopentetate dimeglumine
gadoterate meglumine
galeazzi fracture
gallstone ileus
gamma camera
ganglion cyst
gangrenous cholecystitis
gantzer muscle
garth view
gartners duct
gas containing
gas contrast
gastric acid
gastric banding
gastric bypass
gastric canal
gastric cancer
gastric carcinoma
gastric cardia
gastric foveola
gastric fundus
gastric pouch
gastric pull.through
gastric resection
gastric tube
gastric ulcer
gastrocnemius muscle
gastrocolic ligament
gastroduodenal artery
gastroduodenal junction
gastroesophageal anastomosis
gastroesophageal junction
gastroesophageal reflux
gastrohepatic ligament
gastrointestinal surgery
gastrointestinal tract
gastrojejuenostomy tube
gastropancreatic fold
gastrophrenic ligament
gastrosplenic ligament
gaucher disease
gemistocytic astrocytoma
general anesthesia
generalized descriptor
geniculate ganglion
genioglossus muscle
geniohyoid muscle
genital system
genitofemoral nerve
genitourinary surgery
genitourinary system
gently lobulated
gerdy tubercle
germ cell
gestational structure
gigantiform cementoma
gigantocellular nucleus
glenn shunt
glenohumeral joint
glenohumeral ligament
glenoid cavity
glenoid labrum
gliomatosis cerebri
global asymmetry
globose nucleus
globus pallidus
glomerular capsule
glomus choroideum
glossoepiglottic fold
glossopharyngeal ganglion
glossopharyngeal nerve
glutaraldehyde colitis
gluteal tuberosity
glycogen deposition
glycogenic acanthosis
gnathic osteosarcoma
gonadal artery
gonadal dysgenesis
gout arthritis
gracile fasciculus
gracile lobule
gracilis muscle
gradient coil
gradient echo
gradient nonlinearity
gradient spoiling
grandy view
granulation tissue
granulocytic sarcoma
granulomatous disease
granulomatous synovitis
grappa reconstruction
grashey view
grave disease
gravity injector
grayson ligament
greater omentum
greater sac
great toe
greenstick fracture
grid artifact
grisel syndrome
ground.glass opacity
ground.glass sign
growth acceleration
growth arrest
growth disorder
growth retardation
gruen zone
guidance descriptor
guillain.barre syndrome
guyon canal
gyrus uncinatus
haas disease
haas view
habenular commissure
habenular nucleus
habenular sulcus
habenular trigone
habenulointerpeduncular tract
hair.on.end sign
halo vest
hamstring muscle
hamstring tendon
hand exercises
hand.schuller.christian disease
hangman fracture
hardware failure
harlequin appearance
harmonic ultrasound
harris view
hartmann pouch
hashimoto thyroiditis
hawkins sign
hcc treatment
head artery
headcheese sign
head filter
healed tear
hearing aid
heart disease
heart failure
heart valve
held position
helium contrast
heller myotomy
hellmer sign
helmholtz coil
hematocrit effect
hematogenous spread
hematoma.blood signal
hematoma complication
hematuria complication
hemiarthroplasty device
hemiazygous vein
hemispheric vein
hemodynamic evaluation
hemodynamic success
hemolytic anemia
hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
hemostatic sheath
hepatic artery
hepatic encephalopathy
hepatic fissure
hepatic impression
hepatic lobectomy
hepatic lobule
hepatic scissura
hepatic segmentectomy
hepatic subsegmentectomy
hepatic trisegmentectomy
hepatic vein
hepatobiliary chelate
hepatobiliary phase
hepatobiliary surgery
hepatocellular adenoma
hepatocellular carcinoma
hepatocolic fold
hepatoduodenal ligament
hepatoesophageal ligament
hepato.oesophageal ligament
hepato.omental fold
hepatopancreatic ampulla
hepatopancreatic fold
hepatophrenic ligament
hepatorenal fossa
hepatorenal ligament
hepatovenous subsector
herbal agent
herbert screw
herbicide poisoning
hereditary nephritis
hereditary pancreatitis
heterogeneous enhancement
heterogeneously dense
heterogenously echogenic
heterotopic ossification
hiatal hernia
hibernating heart
hickey view
hicks disease
high attenuation
high density
high.energy scan
high grade
high.grade tumor
high.output syndrome
high.pressure balloon
high resolution
high.risk patient
high scapula
hill.sachs deformity
hip joint
hip joints
hippocampal artery
hippocampal formation
hippocampal sulcus
hippocampus proper
hitchhiker thumb
hodgkin lymphoma
hoffa disease
hofmeister defect
hole.within.a.hole pattern
holmblad view
holoprosencephaly sequence
homogeneous enhancement
homogeneous fade
homogeneously dense
homogeneous organ
homogeneous retention
homogeneous washout
honda sign
honeycomb lung
hook sign
horizontal gastroplasty
hormone disorder
horseshoe kidney
hough view
hounsfield unit
hourglass appearance
hsieh view
huchs view
hughston view
human body
humeroulnar joint
hump sign
huntington chorea
hurler syndrome
h vertebra
hyaline cartilage
hyaloid canal
hyaloid fossa
hyatid cyst
hybrid fixator
hydatidiform mole
hydrocarbon poisoning
hydronephrotic rim
hydrophilic dilator
hydrophilic wire
hydrops fetalis
hyoepiglottic ligament
hyoglossus muscle
hyoid bone
hyperammonemic encephalopathy
hyperextension injury
hyperextension position
hyperflexion injury
hyperflexion position
hyperglycemia artifact
hyperplastic polyp
hypersensitivity angiitis
hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
hypertrophic gastritis
hypertrophic osteoarthropathy
hypervascular lesion
hypoglossal canal
hypoglossal nerve
hypoglossal nucleus
hypoglossal trigone
hypophysial fossa
hypospadias repair
hypotension complication
hypothalamic sulcus
hypothalamic tract
hypothalamohypophysial tract
hypothalamospinal tract
hypothenar muscle
hypoxic.ischemic encephalopathy
hysterogram sign
i.123 ioflupane
i.123 metaiodobenzylguanidine
i.125 iothalamate
i.131 iodomethylnorcholesterol
i.131 metaiodobenzylguanidine
i.131sodium iodide
i.131 tositumomab
iatrogenic disorder
iceberg sign
idiopathic polyarthritis
idiosyncratic reaction
ileal artery
ileal conduit
ileal diverticulum
ileal epithelium
ileal papilla
ileal reservoir
ileal vein
ileoanal pouch
ileoanal pull.through
ileocaecal lip
ileocecal fold
ileocecal junction
ileocecal orifice
ileocecal recess
ileocecal valve
ileocolic artery
ileocolic lip
ileocolic mesentery
ileocolic vein
ileosigmoid anastomosis
ileotransverse anastomosis
iliac crest
iliac fascia
iliac fossa
iliac spine
iliac tuberosity
iliacus muscle
iliac wing
iliocostalis cervicis
iliocostalis lumborum
iliocostalis thoracis
iliofemoral ligament
iliohypogastric nerve
ilioinguinal nerve
iliolumbar artery
iliopectineal arch
iliopectineal bursa
iliopectineal eminence
iliopsoas fascia
iliopsoas groove
iliopsoas tendon
iliopubic tract
iliotibial tract
image addition
image.based filtering
image defect
image fusion
image hold
image overlay
image quality
image registration
image review
image segmentation
images prepared
imaging acquisition
imaging device
imaging error
imaging modality
imaging observation
imaging pass
imaging plane
imaging procedure
imaging protocol
imaging purpose
imaging sign
imaging view
immature teratoma
immediate complication
immobile joint
immunodeficiency disorder
implantable device
implant displaced
impression section
improper placement
incarcerated hernia
incisional hernia
incisive bone
incisive canal
incisive foramen
incisive foramina
incisive papilla
incisor tooth
incisura tentorii
incomplete protocol
incomplete rim
incorrect markers
incorrect protocol
increasing enhancement
incudomalleolar joint
incudostapedial joint
index finger
index tumor
indiana pouch
indinavir stone
indistinct margin
indium.111 chloride
indium.111 oxyquinoline
indium.111 pentetate
indium.111 pentetreotide
indium.111 tiuxetan
inducible ischemia
induseum griseum
infantile hemangioendothelioma
infantile hemangioma
infantile myofibromatosis
infection stone
infectious complication
infectious esophagitis
infectious synovitis
infective arthritis
infective discitis
infective polyarthritis
inferior colliculus
inferior eyelid
inferior fovea
inferior patella
inferior rectum
infiltration route
infinity sign
inflammatory polyarthropathy
inflation duration
inflation pressure
infra.aortic area
infra.azygos area
infracolic space
infraglenoid tubercle
infrahyoid bursa
infrahyoid muscle
infrahyoid neck
infra.orbital artery
infra.orbital canal
infra.orbital foramen
infraorbital foramen
infra.orbital margin
infraorbital nerve
infrapatellar bursa
infrapedicular plane
infrapiriform foramen
infrarenal aorta
infrascapular artery
infraspinatus muscle
infraspinous fossa
infratrochlear nerve
infusible wire
ingested food
ingestion.induced disorder
inguinal canal
inguinal fossa
inguinal hernia
inguinal ligament
inguinal triangle
inhalation.induced disorder
initial day
initial vessel
injection treatment
inlet view
inner ear
inner myometrium
in.plane filtering
insecticide poisoning
inspiration maneuver
insufficiency fracture
insular artery
insular vein
integument disorder
intensity projection
interarytenoid notch
interatrial septum
intercarpal joint
intercavernous sinus
intercerebral commissure
interclavicular ligament
intercollicular vein
intercondylar fossa
intercostal artery
intercostal muscle
intercostal nerve
intercostal space
intercuneiform joint
interface sign
interfascicular nucleus
interference screw
interfoveolar ligament
interfragmentary screw
intergeniculate leaf
interhemispheric fissure
interlobar bronchus
interlobular septum
intermaxillary suture
intermediate artery
intermediate concern
intermediate cuneiform
intermediate elasticity
intermediately aggressive
intermediate margin
intermediate tendon
intermediate transition
intermediate tubule
intermediate weighted
intermediomedial nucleus
intermedullary nail
intermetatarsal bursa
intermittent exposure
intermixed ganglioneuroblastoma
internal capsule
internal fixator
internal nodules
internal oblique
internal urethrotomy
internasal suture
interosseous bursa
interosseous membrane
interpeduncular cistern
interpeduncular fossa
interpeduncular nucleus
interpeduncular vein
interphalangeal joint
interpositospinal tract
interpubic disc
interscalene triangle
intersigmoid hernia
intersigmoid recess
interspinalis cervicis
interspinalis lumborum
interspinalis muscle
interspinalis thoracis
interspinous ligament
interstitial emphysema
interstitial fibrosis
interstitial nephritis
interstitial nucleus
interstitial pneumonia
interstitial route
interstitial space
interstitiospinal tract
intersubstance tear
interthalamic adhesion
intertransversarius muscle
intertransverse ligament
intertrochanteric crest
intertrochanteric line
interventional coil
interventional outcome
interventional wire
interventricular foramen
interventricular septum
intervertebral disk
intervertebral foramen
intervertebral osteochondrosis
intervertebral symphysis
intervertebral vein
intestinal disorder
intestinal epithelium
intestinal gland
intestinal mucosa
intestinal pseudoobstruction
intestinal pseudo.obstruction
intestinal submucosa
intestinal villus
intimal flap
intima pia
intraarticular contrast
intraarticular fracture
intra.articular ligament
intrabiventer fissure
intracalcarine cortex
intracanalicular space
intracoronal. dental
intracorporus cavernosum
intracortical lipoma
intracortical osteosarcoma
intracranial hypotension
intracranial vessel
intracricoid airway
intraculminate fissure
intradiscal contrast
intraductal calcifications
intradural space
intrafallopian contrast
intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
intrahepatic duct
intrajugular process
intralaminar nucleus
intralesional fat
intralimbic gyrus
intralobular lines
intraloop contrast
intramedullary space
intramesosigmoid hernia
intramuscular hemangioma
intramuscular lipoma
intraneural perineurioma
in transit
intraocular muscle
intraoral region
intraosseous hemangioma
intraosseous lipoma
intraparietal sulcus
intra.pouch contrast
intra.salivery duct
intra.sinus tract
intrathalamic fiber
intrathecal contrast
intrathoracic kidney
intrauterine contrast
intrauterine device
intrauterine synechia
intravenous bolus
intravenous contrast
intravenous drip
intravenous pyelography
intravertebral herniation
intravesical contrast
intravoxel dephasing
inversion recovery
inversion time
investing fascia
iodine.131 hippuran
iodine.131 iodocholesterol
iodine isotope
iodized oil
iridocorneal angle
iron evaluation
iron overload
irregular bone
irregular margin
irregular mass
irregular rim
ischemic cardiomyopathy
ischemic colitis
ischemic core
ischemic penumbra
ischial apophysis
ischial bursa
ischial spine
ischial tuberosity
ischiofemoral ligament
ischiopubic synchondrosis
ischiorectal fossa
iselin disease
isherwood view
isotropic voxels
iterative reconstruction
ivory osteoma
jack stone
jailbars sign
jefferson fracture
jejunal artery
jejunal epithelium
jejunal vein
jejunoileal bypass
jejunostomy tube
jet flow
jet phenomenon
jet sign
joint capsule
joint component
joint disorder
joint mice
joint recess
joint reconstruction
joint survey
jones fracture
j pouch
j sign
j.tube placement
judd view
judet view
jugular foramen
jugular foramina
jugular fossa
jugular nerve
jugular spine
jugulodigastric node
juguloomohyoid node
jugum sphenoidale
jumped facet
juvenile xanthogranuloma
juxtaarticular cyst
juxtacortical chondrosarcoma
juxtaglomerular tumor
juxtaoral organ
juxtaphrenic peak
juxtarenal aorta
juxtarestiform body
kandel view
kaposiform hemangioendothelioma
kaposi sarcoma
kasabach view
kashin.bek disease
kawasaki disease
kechendorf view
keratosis obturans
keyboard sign
keyhole sign
kidney disorder
kidney surgery
kidney sweat
kienbock disease
kimura disease
kirschner wire
klebsiella pneumonia
knee joint
knuckle sign
kocher fracture
kock pouch
k√∂hler disease
kovacs view
k.space dimensionality
k.space filter
k.space filtering
k.space segmentation
k.space segmented
k.space trajectory
k.space unsegmented
kummel disease
kurosaka screw
kurzbauer view
l1 segment
l2 segment
l3 segment
l4 segment
l5 segment
labium majorum
labium minorum
labyrinthine artery
labyrinthine ossification
labyrinthine vein
lacertus fibrosis
lacrimal apparatus
lacrimal artery
lacrimal bone
lacrimal canaliculus
lacrimal caruncle
lacrimal duct
lacrimal ducts
lacrimal fold
lacrimal foramen
lacrimal gland
lacrimal lake
lacrimal nerve
lacrimal nucleus
lacrimal papilla
lacrimal pathway
lacrimal punctum
lacrimal sac
lacrimal vein
lacrimoconchal suture
lacrimomaxillary suture
lactating gland
lactiferous duct
lactiferous gland
lacunar skull
lambdoid suture
lamina affixa
laminae albae
lamina propria
laminar flow
lamina terminalis
language paradigm
large intestine
large rod.like
laryngeal cartilage
laryngeal conduit
laryngeal inlet
laryngeal joint
laryngeal muscle
laryngeal saccule
laryngeal vestibule
laser crystal
laser tip
laser treatment
late complication
late onset
lateral cuneiform
laterality location
laterality present
lateral lacuna
lateral lemniscus
lateral malleolus
lateral mass
lateral meniscus
lateral plica
lateral projection
lateral recess
lateral sulcus
lateral tubercle
lateral ventricle
lateral view
lateromedial projection
laurin view
lawrence view
lead poisoning
left acromion
left amygdala
left anconeus
left archicortex
left areola
left atrium
left brachialis
left brachioradialis
left claustrum
left clavicle
left coracobrachialis
left cuneus
left deltoid
left fabella
left femur
left fibula
left gastrocnemius
left gracilis
left hemicolectomy
left hemidiaphragm
left hemiliver
left hemiscrotum
left hemithorax
left hippocampus
left humerus
left hypochondrium
left iliocostalis
left iliopsoas
left infraspinatus
left insula
left kidney
left knee
left longissimus
left lung
left mesometrium
left mesosalpinx
left mesovarium
left metathalamus
left multifidus
left neocortex
left nipple
left olecranon
left ovary
left paleocortex
left parasubiculum
left patella
left pectineus
left plantaris
left popliteus
left precuneus
left presubiculum
left pulvinar
left putamen
left pyramidalis
left radius
left sartorius
left scapula
left semimembranosus
left semitendinosus
left side
left soleus
left subclavius
left subiculum
left subscapularis
left supinator
left supraspinatus
left tapetum
left testis
left thalamus
left tibia
left.to.right shunt
left trapezius
left ulna
left uncus
left ureter
left ventricle
leg length
leg measurement
leiomyomatous neoplasm
lemniscal trigone
lemon sign
lenticulostriate artery
lentiform nucleus
leontiasis ossea
leptomeningeal sac
lesion boundary
lesion brightness
lesion characteristic
lesion enhancement
lesion focality
lesion load
lesion margin
lesion periphery
lesion shape
lesser omentum
lesser sac
letterer.siwe disease
leukocytoclastic vasculitis
levator ani
levator aponeurosis
levator costae
levator plate
liffert.arkin disease
ligament cluster
ligament graft
ligament organ
ligamentum flavum
lilienfeld view
limb girdle
limbic gyrus
limbic lobe
limb region
limen nasi
limitans nucleus
limited evaluation
limited quality
lindblom view
linea aspera
linea quadrata
linear atelectasis
linear enhancement
linear nucleus
linear transducer
lingual aponeurosis
lingual artery
lingual foramen
lingual gyrus
lingual nerve
lingual septum
lingual thyroid
lingual tonsil
lingual vein
linguine sign
lingular artery
lipid containing
lipid poor
lipid rich
lipoid dermatoarthritis
lipomatous infiltration
lipomatous neoplasm
li.rads assessment
lisfranc ligament
littre hernia
litz coil
liver disorder
liver mass
liver parenchyma
liver scan
liver stroma
liver surgery
lobar artery
lobar bronchus
lobar dysmorphism
lobar holoprosencephaly
lobster claw
lobular mass
lobular organ
lobular segment
lobulated margin
local anesthesia
location descriptor
locus coeruleus
loeffler endocarditis
lollipop sign
lollipop.tree sign
long bone
long finger
longissimus capitis
longissimus cervicis
longissimus thoracis
longitudinal ligament
longitudinal plane
long.looped nephron
longus capitis
longus colli
loop colostomy
loop.to.loop colon
lordotic position
low attenuation
low density
low dose
low.energy scan
lower abdomen
lower extremity
lower hemithorax
lower lip
lower trunk
low grade
low.grade tumor
low.pressure balloon
lucent.centered calcification
luftsichel sign
lumbar artery
lumbar ganglion
lumbar hernia
lumbar intertransversarius
lumbar nerve
lumbar plexus
lumbar puncture
lumbar rotator
lumbar vein
lumbar vertebra
lumbocostal ligament
lumbodorsal fascia
lumboperitoneal shunt
lumbosacral junction
lumbosacral plexus
lumbosacral spine
lumbosacral trunk
luminal narrowing
lunate sulcus
lung cancer
lung kernel
lung mass
lung parenchyma
lung.rads 0
lung.rads 1
lung.rads 2
lung.rads 3
lung.rads 4a
lung.rads 4b
lung.rads 4x
lung.rads assessment
lung zone
lunotriquetral joint
lunotriquetral ligament
lye.induced disorder
lymphangitic spread
lymphatic chain
lymphatic malformation
lymphatic.venous malformation
lymphatic vessel
lymph node
lymphocytic hypophysitis
lymphoepithelial cyst
lymphoid hyperplasia
lymphoid tissue
lymphomatoid granulomatosis
lymphomyeloid tissue
lymphoplasmacyte.rich meningioma
lymphoproliferative disorder
machado.joseph disease
macula cribrosa
macula densa
madelung deformity
madelung disease
maffucci syndrome
magnetization transfer
magnification sign
magnitude reconstruction
main bronchus
maisonneuve fracture
major joint
major part
male abdomen
male back
male breast
malemud disease
male pelvis
male perineum
male pudendum
male thorax
male trunk
male urethra
malgaigne fracture
malignant melanoma
malignant neoplasm
mallet finger
mallory.weiss tear
mamillothalamic fasciculus
mamillothalamic tract
mammillary artery
mammillary body
mammillary peduncle
mammillotegmental fasciculus
mandibular canal
mandibular foramen
mandibular nerve
mandibular notch
mandibular rami
mandibular symphysis
mandibular torus
mandi disease
manganese chloride
manganese.ii..dipyridoxal diphosphate
manganese .iii.tpps4
manual injection
marble bone
march fracture
marginal osteophyte
margin characteristic
markedly hypointense
marker error
mass descriptor
masseteric artery
masseteric fascia
masseteric nerve
masseter muscle
masticator space
mastoid antrum
mastoid canaliculus
mastoid foramen
mastoid region
maternal rubella
matrix stone
mature teratoma
mauclaire disease
maxillary artery
maxillary nerve
maxillary sinus
maxillary vein
maxillofacial region
maximum size
max ip
mayer view
may.thurner syndrome
may view
mcburney point
measurement procedure
measurement type
measurement unit
mechanical disorder
mechanical thrombectomy
mechanical transducer
meconium ileus
meconium peritonitis
meconium plug
media layer
medial calcinosis
medial cuneiform
medial elbow
medial lemniscus
medial malleolus
medial meniscus
medial nucleus
medial sulcus
medial tubercle
median artery
median nerve
median nucleus
mediastinal compartment
mediastinal pleura
mediastinal space
mediastinal tube
mediastinal vein
medical device
medical object
medication device
medication.related complication
mediolateral projection
medium.sized joint
medulla oblongata
medullary artery
medullary carcinoma
medullary cavity
medullary nephrocalcinosis
medullary ray
medullary vein
mega.aeroesophagus sign
melanocytic medulloblastoma
melanocytic neoplasm
melanotic schwannoma
melting sign
membrane organ
membranous cyclitis
membranous labyrinth
membranous layer
membranous urethra
memory loss
meniere syndrome
meningeal cluster
meningeal vein
meningohypophyseal trunk
meningo.orbital foramen
meningothelial meningioma
meniscal cyst
meniscal fragment
meniscal homologue
meniscofemoral ligament
meniscotibial ligament
mental foramen
mentalis muscle
mental nerve
mental retardation
mental stress
merchant view
mesencephalic artery
mesenchymal chondrosarcoma
mesenchymal hamartoma
mesenteric artery
mesenteric ischemia
mesentericoparietal recess
mesoblastic nephroma
mesocolic taenia
mesothelial cyst
mesothelial neoplasm
metabolic disease
metabolism descriptor
metabolite map
metacarpal bone
metacarpal sign
metacarpophalangeal joint
metachromatic leukodystrophy
metal artifact
metanephric adenoma
metaplastic meningioma
metastatic disease
metatarsophalangeal joint
methylmethacrylate embolism
metopic suture
microbubbles contrast
microcystic meningioma
microlobulated margin
microscopic colitis
microscopy coil
microvascular ischemia
microwave ablation
midbrain tectum
midbrain tegmentum
midcarpal joint
midcarpal ligament
middle abdomen
middle ear
mid myocardium
migratory polyarthritis
milch disease
mild sedation
miliary pattern
miller view
milwaukee shoulder
min ip
minor part
misregistration artifact
missing exam
missing images
mitral valve
mixed glioma
mixed liposarcoma
mixed margin
mobile joint
modality descriptor
modality.related characteristic
moderately high
moderate sedation
moderator band
modified radical
modiolus muscle
molar pregnancy
molar tooth
molecular imaging
monitoring delay
monocle sign
monoclonal antibody
monopolar applicator
monorail deployment
mons pubis
monteggia fracture
moore view
morphologic descriptor
morquio syndrome
mortise view
mosaic architecture
mosaic oligemia
mostly solid
moth.eaten calyx
moth.eaten pattern
motion correction
motion descriptor
motion.encoding gradient
motor dysfunction
motor function
motor paradigm
mottled enhancement
moulage sign
moving grid
moyamoya disease
mr acquisition
mr device
mr fluoroscopy
m stage
mucinous adenocarcinoma
mucinous cystadenoma
mucoepidermoid carcinoma
mucoid tissue
mucosal erosion
mucosal surface
mucous fistula
mueller maneuver
mulberry stone
multicentric osteosarcoma
multicystic dysplasia
multi.element transducer
multihole collimator
multi.infarct dementia
multilaminar epithelium
multinuclear coil
multiplanar reformat
multiple acquisitions
multiple areas
multiple days
multiple determination
multiple ducts
multiple lesions
multiple myeloma
multiple plane
multiple sclerosis
multiple views
multisystem disorder
multi.tined applicator
muscle belly
muscle body
muscle layer
muscle organ
muscular artery
muscular disorder
muscular triangle
musculocutaneous nerve
musculophrenic artery
musculophrenic vein
musculoskeletal degeneration
musculoskeletal region
musculoskeletal surgery
musculoskeletal system
musculotubal canal
mycotic aneurysm
myeloproliferative disorder
mylohyoid muscle
mylohyoid nerve
myocardial bridge
myocardial infarction
myomatous neoplasm
myxoid chondrosarcoma
myxoid fibrosarcoma
myxoid liposarcoma
myxomatous degeneration
myxopapillary ependymoma
nabothian cyst
narrow transition
nasal bone
nasal cavity
nasal conduit
nasal gland
nasal glioma
nasalis muscle
nasal opening
nasal sensor
nasal septum
nasal turbinate
nasal vestibule
nasociliary nerve
nasofrontal vein
nasogastric tube
nasolacrimal duct
nasomaxillary suture
nasopalatine nerve
nasopharyngeal meatus
nasotracheal tube
navicular tuberosity
naviculocuboid joint
naviculocuneiform joint
near.isotropic voxels
neck artery
neck vessel
necrotizing enterocolitis
necrotizing fasciitis
needle localization
needle placement
needle sheath
needle tip
neer view
negative pyelogram
neonatal hepatitis
neoplastic disease
nephrogenic adenofibroma
nephrogenic adenoma
nephrographic phase
nephrostomy contrast
nephrostomy placement
nephrostomy tube
nephroureteral stent
nerve block
nerve fasciculus
nerve fiber
nerve plexus
nerve root
nerve rootlet
nerve trunk
nervous system
neuhaser sign
neural network
neurenteric cyst
neurocutaneous syndrome
neurodegenerative disease
neuroendocrine neoplasm
neuroepithelial cyst
neuroepitheliomatous neoplasm
neuroglial cyst
neuroglial network
neurological disorder
neurologic complication
neuromuscular fracture
neuropathic joint
neurovascular bundle
neutral position
neutropenic enterocolitis
new diagnosis
new.diagnosis tumor
nipple changes
nipple invasion
nipple markers
nipple retraction
nipple sign
nissen fundoplication
nodular ganglioneuroblastoma
nodular heterotopia
nodular hyperplasia
nodular pattern
noise artifact
noisy image
nolke view
no marker
non.actionable finding
nonalcoholic steatohepatitis
non.anatomical substance
non.cartesian reconstruction
non.circumscribed margin
noncommunicating hydrocephalus
noncompliant balloon
nonconstrained implant
non.data.acquisition period
non.diagnostic quality
nonencapsulated microbubbles
non.enhancing mass
non.hodgkin lymphoma
nonhydrophilic dilator
nonhydrophilic wire
non.infusible wire
non.isotropic voxels
non.lactating gland
non.mass enhancement
non.mechanical transducer
nonobstructive megacolon
nonossifying fibroma
nonparenchymatous organ
nonskeletal ligament
nonstiff wire
nonsynovial joint
non.transpulmonary microbubbles
nonuniform rim
nonvisual retina
norgaard view
normal anatomy
normality descriptor
normal.pressure hydrocephalus
normal variant
norwood procedure
no sedation
nose disorder
not applicable
not parallel
not seen
n stage
nubbin sign
nuchal fascia
nuchal ligament
nuclear camera
nuclear diode
nuclei raphae
nucleus accumbens
nucleus ambiguus
nucleus commissuralis
nucleus cuneatus
nucleus gracilis
nucleus prepositus
nucleus pulposus
nucleus solitarius
nucleus subceruleus
nursing procedure
nutmeg liver
obese adult
object artifact
object manipulation
object removal
object repositioning
object retrieval
object.to.image distance
oblique fissure
oblique plane
oblique position
oblique projection
oblique sinus
obliques view
oblique view
obscured margin
observations section
obstructive cholangitis
obstructive hydrocephalus
obstructive hyperbilirubinemia
obstructive uropathy
obturator artery
obturator canal
obturator crest
obturator fascia
obturator foramen
obturator groove
obturator hernia
obturator membrane
obturator nerve
obturator sign
occipital artery
occipital bone
occipital groove
occipital lobe
occipital plane
occipital pole
occipital protuberance
occipital sinus
occipital triangle
occipital vein
occipitoatlantal ligament
occipitofrontalis muscle
occipitomastoid suture
occipitomental view
occipitotemporal sulcus
ocular hypotony
ocular prosthesis
oculomotor nerve
oculomotor nucleus
odontogenic carcinosarcoma
odontogenic cyst
odontogenic myxoma
odontogenic tumor
odontoid view
off.resonance effect
oil contrast
oil embolism
okra sign
olecranon bursa
olecranon process
olfactory area
olfactory bulb
olfactory cortex
olfactory gland
olfactory nerve
olfactory organ
olfactory peduncle
olfactory sulcus
olfactory tract
olfactory trigone
oligodendroglial neoplasm
olivary body
olivocerebellar tract
olivocochlear tract
olivopontocerebellar degeneration
olivospinal tract
omega sign
omental taenia
omohyoid muscle
on call
oncocytic adenocarcinoma
one.bone.two.bone sign
one.two.three sign
onset descriptor
oocyte retrieval
open epiphysis
open fracture
open surgical
operculofrontal artery
ophthalmic artery
ophthalmic nerve
optic canal
optic chiasm
optic disc
optic foramen
optic nerve
optic neuritis
optic radiation
optic tract
oral airway
oral cavity
oral conduit
oral contrast
oral opening
oral vestibule
ora serrata
orbiculus ciliaris
orbital cavity
orbital cortex
orbital gyrus
orbital muscle
orbital operculum
orbital prosthesis
orbital pseudotumor
orbitofrontal artery
orbitofrontal cortex
orbitofrontal fasciculus
orderable priority
orderable technique
organ cavity
organ chamber
organ cluster
organ component
organ crest
organized chaos
organizing pneumonia
organ region
organ segment
organ system
organ zone
orientation descriptor
orion plate
orogastric tube
orotracheal tube
orthopedic cast
orthopedic device
orthopedic implant
orthopedic plate
orthopedic screw
orthopedic surgery
os acetabulum
osgood.schlatter disease
osseous head
osseous neck
osseous skeleton
ossicle prosthesis
ossifying fibroma
osteoarthritis deformans
osteochondritis dissecans
osteogenesis imperfecta
osteoid osteoma
ostiomeatal unit
os trigonum
otic ganglion
otitis externa
otitis media
otolithic membrane
ottonello view
outer gland
outlet view
oval mass
oval window
ovarian artery
ovarian autotransplantation
ovarian cancer
ovarian cortex
ovarian cyst
ovarian fossa
ovarian ligament
ovarian medulla
ovarian stroma
ovarian vein
over.the.wire deployment
oxalate stone
pacemaker insertion
pacs error
padlock sign
page kidney
paget disease
paintbrush appearance
palatine aponeurosis
palatine bone
palatine fossa
palatine raphe
palatine tonsil
palatoethmoidal suture
palatoglossal arch
palatoglossus muscle
palatomaxillary suture
palatopharyngeal arch
palatopharyngeal ridge
palatopharyngeus muscle
palatovaginal canal
palatovaginal groove
pallidohabenular bundle
pallidotegmental fasciculus
palmar aponeurosis
palmar ligament
palpebral commissure
palpebral conjunctiva
palpebral fissure
pampiniform plexus
panacinar emphysema
pancake brain
pancreas surgery
pancreatic artery
pancreatic cancer
pancreatic duct
pancreatic islet
pancreatic notch
pancreatic nucleation
pancreaticobiliary system
pancreaticocolic ligament
pancreaticoduodenal vein
pancreaticosplenic ligament
pancreatic secretion
pancreatic transplantation
panda sign
panner disease
panographic radiograph
panoramic projection
panoramic view
papillary cystadenocarcinoma
papillary cystadenoma
papillary ependymoma
papillary meningioma
papillary muscle
papillary necrosis
paraaortic body
parabigeminal nucleus
paracaval ligament
paracentral artery
paracentral lobule
paracentral nucleus
paracolic gutter
paraduodenal fold
paraduodenal hernia
paraduodenal recess
paraesophageal hernia
parafascicular nucleus
parafasicular nucleus
paraglottic fat
paraglottic space
parahippocampal gyrus
paralemniscal nucleus
parallel grid
parallel lesion
paramagnetic agent
parametric mapping
paranasal sinus
paranasal sinuses
paraneoplastic syndrome
paranephric fat
paranigral nucleus
parapeduncular nucleus
parapelvic cyst
parapharyngeal space
pararectal fossa
pararenal fat
paraseptal emphysema
parasolitary nucleus
parasympathetic ganglion
paratenial nucleus
paraterminal gyrus
parathyroid gland
paratrigeminal nucleus
para.umbilical vein
paraurethral gland
paraventricular fiber
paraventricular nucleus
paraventriculohypophysial tract
paravertebral ganglion
paravesical fossa
parchment heart
parenchymal band
parenchymal opacification
parenchymatous organ
parietal bone
parietal foramen
parietal lobe
parietal operculum
parietal peritoneum
parietal pleura
parietal vein
parietoacanthial projection
parietomastoid suture
parieto.occipital artery
parieto.occipital eminence
parieto.occipital sulcus
parieto.occipitopontine fasciculus
parietotemporopontine fiber
parkinson disease
parosteal lipoma
parosteal osteosarcoma
parotid fascia
parotid gland
parotid plexus
parotid space
parotid vein
pars compacta
pars interarticularis
partial cystectomy
partially solid
partial response
participating tail
patella alta
patella infera
patella proper
patellar ligament
patellar retinaculum
patellofemoral joint
patent vessel
pathologic fracture
pathophysiologic finding
patient age
patient artifact
patient descriptor
patient ethnicity
patient gender
patient identifier
patient maneuver
patient motion
patient name
patient orientation
patient position
patient state
pattern descriptor
pa view
pc plate
peak flow
pear.shaped bladder
pearson view
pectineal line
pectineus muscle
pectoral muscle
pectoral vein
pedestal sign
pediatric filter
pedicle screw
pedicle sign
pellegrini.stieda sign
pelvic bone
pelvic brim
pelvic cavity
pelvic fascia
pelvic floor
pelvic ganglion
pelvic girdle
pelvic inlet
pelvic kidney
pelvic outlet
pelvic peritoneum
pelvic wall
pelvirectal compartment
pelvirectal space
pelvis proper
pencil.in.cup deformity
penetrating injury
penile urethra
peptic ulcer
perceptual difficulty
perched facet
percutaneous cholangiography
percutaneous cholecystostomy
percutaneous intraperitoneal
percutaneous nephrostolithotomy
percutaneous sympathectomy
percutaneous transhepatic
perforator arteries
perforator artery
perfusion acquisition
perfusion alteration
perfusion applicator
perfusion defect
perfusion disorder
perfusion imaging
periamygdaloid area
perianal fistula
peribronchovascular interstitium
pericallosal artery
pericallosal cistern
pericardiacophrenic artery
pericardial cavity
pericardial constriction
pericardial disease
pericardial effusion
pericardial pleura
pericardial recess
pericardial vein
pericardiophrenic artery
pericardiophrenic vein
pericecal hernia
peridural membrane
perifornical nucleus
peri.implant fluid
perilesional steatosis
perilymphatic fistula
perimesencephalic cistern
perineal hernia
perineal muscle
perineal nerve
perineal urethrostomy
perinephric cyst
perineural cyst
perineural spread
periosteal chondroma
periosteal desmoid
periosteal osteophyte
periosteal osteosarcoma
periosteal reaction
peripeduncular nucleus
peripharyngeal space
peripheral artery
peripheral calcifications
peripheral nerve
peripheral retention
periprostatic compartment
periprostatic fascia
periprosthetic fracture
perirectal region
perirenal cobweb
perirenal fat
perirenal space
perisplenic space
peritoneal cavity
peritoneal fluid
peritoneal fold
peritoneal ligament
peritoneal mesentery
peritoneal recess
peritoneal reflection
peritoneal sac
peritoneal serosa
peritoneoperineal fascia
peritoneovenous shunt
peritrigeminal nucleus
periureteric diverticulum
periventricular fiber
periventricular nucleus
perivertebral space
perivesical space
permanent tooth
peroneal artery
peroneal retinacula
peroneal tendon
peroneal tubercle
peroneal vein
peroneus tertius
personal item
pes anserinus
pes hippocampi
petroclival synchondrosis
petromastoid region
petro.occipital synchondrosis
petrosal fossula
petrosal vein
petrosquamous suture
petrotympanic fissure
petrous apicitis
peyronie disease
phalangeal sign
phantom calyx
phantom sign
pharmacologic intervention
pharmacologic stress
pharyngeal conduit
pharyngeal dysphagia
pharyngeal hypophysis
pharyngeal nerve
pharyngeal pouch
pharyngeal raphe
pharyngeal space
pharyngeal tonsil
pharyngeal tubercle
pharyngeal vein
pharyngeal vestibule
pharyngobasilar fascia
pharyngo.oesophageal constriction
phase descriptor
phase matrix
phase non.uniformity
phase reconstruction
phase unwrapping
phrenic nerve
phrenicocolic ligament
phrenicosplenic ligament
phrenoesophageal ligament
phrygian cap
phthisis bulbi
phyllodes tumor
physician requirement
physiological rest
physiological stress
physiologic modeling
physiologic repair
pial filament
pia mater
picket fence
piedmont fracture
pie.in.the.sky bladder
pierson disease
pigment deposition
pigtail catheter
pilocytic astrocytoma
pilonidal cyst
pin diode
pineal gland
pineal nerve
pinhole collimator
pinless fixator
pin loosening
pin.track infection
pipestem ureter
pi.rads assessment
piriform aperture
piriformis fascia
piriformis muscle
piriform recess
pisiformtriquetral ligament
pisohamate ligament
pisometacarpal ligament
pisotriquetral joint
pituitary adenoma
pituitary carcinoma
pituitary gland
pituitary macroadenoma
pituitary microadenoma
pituitary region
plantar arch
plantar fascia
plantaris muscle
plantodorsal projection
plate erasure
platelet.rich plasma
plate.reader artifact
platysma muscle
pleomorphic adenoma
pleomorphic lipoma
pleomorphic liposarcoma
pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma
pleural effusion
pleural fissure
pleural plaque
pleural recess
pleural retraction
pleural sac
pleural space
pleural tail
plexiform neurofibroma
plexiform schwannoma
pneumatized bone
pneumatosis intestinalis
pneumoarthrogram sign
pneumothorax complication
pockets.of.gas sign
polka.dot sign
polyarteritis nodosa
polycythemia vera
polyethylene wear
polymyalgia rheumatica
polyvinyl alcohol
pontine artery
pontine nucleus
pontine tegmentum
pontine vein
pontobulbar nucleus
pontocerebellar fiber
pontocerebellar trigone
pontoreticulospinal tract
popliteal artery
popliteal fossa
popliteal vein
popliteofibular ligament
popliteomeniscal fascicle
popliteus hiatus
popliteus muscle
popliteus recess
popliteus tendon
poppel sign
porcelain gallbladder
portal hypertension
portal lobule
portal scissura
portal triad
portal vein
port exchange
port placement
port removal
port repair
positive.contrast imaging
postcentral gyrus
postcentral sulcus
postcommissural fornix
post elements
postembolization syndrome
post.endograft scan
posterior arch
posterior clinoid
posterior commissure
posterior nucleus
posterior rib
posterior scleritis
posteroanterior projection
posteromarginal nucleus
post.immunization arthritis
post.infective arthritis
postoperative change
postoperative complication
postpericardiotomy syndrome
postvertebral muscle
power injector
preaortic ganglion
prebiventer fissure
precaecocolic fascia
precentral fissure
precentral gyrus
precentral operculum
precentral sulcus
precommissural hippocampus
precommissural septum
pre.contrast imaging
preculminate fissure
predominantly cystic
predominantly fatty
predorsal bundle
pre.endograft scan
prefrontal artery
prefrontal cortex
prefrontal vein
pregeniculate nucleus
pregnancy stage
prehippocampal rudiment
preiser disease
premammillary nucleus
premolar tooth
premotor cortex
preolivary nucleus
preoptic area
pre.optic artery
prepancreatic artery
prepatellar bursa
preperitoneal fat
prepontine cistern
preprostatic urethra
preputial sac
prepyloric vein
prepyriform area
presacral fascia
presacral space
prescalene compartment
prescalene space
preschool child
presplenic fold
pressure disorder
pretectal area
prevertebral muscle
prevertebral space
prevesical space
primary effectiveness
primary fissure
primary patency
probably not
procedural artifact
procedure paradigm
procedure simulation
procedure step
procerus muscle
processus cochleariformis
progressive disease
projection radiography
proliferation disorder
proliferative synovitis
pronator tuberosity
prone position
properitoneal compartment
properitoneal space
prospective gating
prostate cancer
prostate proper
prostate surgery
prostatic fascia
prostatic gland
prostatic sinus
prostatic stroma
prostatic urethra
prostatic utricle
protocol error
protocol specified
protoplasmic astrocytoma
proximal embolization
proximal epiphysis
proximal metaphysis
proximal tendon
psammomatous meningioma
pseudocalculus sign
pseudocapsule .liver.
pseudokidney sign
pseudomyxoma peritonei
pseudotumor cerebri
pseudotumor sign
pseudo.washout appearance
pseudoxanthoma elasticum
psoas fascia
psoas hitch
psoas muscle
psoas sign
psoriatic arthritis
pt arrived
pterygoid fossa
pterygoid hamulus
pterygoid notch
pterygoid plexus
pterygomandibular raphe
pterygomaxillary fissure
pterygomeningeal artery
pterygopalatine canal
pterygopalatine fossa
pterygopalatine ganglion
pterygospinous ligament
pubic crest
pubic tubercle
pubocervical fascia
pubococcygeal tendon
pubofemoral ligament
puboprostatic ligament
pudendal cleft
pudendal nerve
puff.of.smoke sign
pulmonary acinus
pulmonary arteritis
pulmonary artery
pulmonary aspiration
pulmonary blastoma
pulmonary complication
pulmonary edema
pulmonary embolism
pulmonary fissure
pulmonary hemorrhage
pulmonary hilum
pulmonary hypertension
pulmonary infarction
pulmonary ligament
pulmonary lobule
pulmonary nodule
pulmonary plexus
pulmonary sling
pulmonary vein
pulmonic valve
pulmopleural space
pulsatile tinnitus
pulsed delivery
pulse sequence
pump injector
putty kidney
pyelitis cystica
pyloric canal
pyloric exclusion
pyloric orifice
pyloric sphincter
pyloric stenosis
pyramidal eminence
pyramidal fasciculus
pyramidalis muscle
pyramidal tract
pyrophosphate arthritis
quad cistern
quadrangular lobule
quadratus lumborum
quadriceps muscle
quadriceps tendon
quadrilateral membrane
quadrilateral space
quality control
quality descriptor
quantity descriptor
racemose hemangioma
radial artery
radial filter
radial fold
radial nerve
radial notch
radial scar
radial tear
radial tuberosity
radial vein
radiate ligament
radiation dose
radiation enteritis
radiation.induced disorder
radiation.induced esophagitis
radicular artery
radiocapitellar joint
radiocapitellar meniscus
radiocarpal joint
radiofrequency ablation
radiofrequency coil
radiofrequency spoiling
radiographic projection
radiographic t.stage
radiography filter
radiography grid
radiohumeral bursa
radiolabeled dtpa
radiolabeled metaiodobenzylguanidine
radiolunate joint
radioscaphocapitate ligament
radioscaphoid joint
radioscapholunate ligament
radlex descriptor
radlex entity
rafert view
rami perforantes
rancke complex
ray sum
receiver array
reconstruction plate
recording electrode
rectal ampulla
rectal contrast
rectal dysfunction
rectal fascia
rectal gland
rectoprostatic compartment
rectosacral fascia
recto.urethralis inferior
recto.urethralis superior
rectouterine fold
rectovaginal fascia
rectovaginal fistula
rectovesical fistula
rectovesical pouch
rectovesical septum
rectus abdominis
red nucleus
reflux esophagitis
reflux nephropathy
regenerative nodule
regional anesthesia
regional enhancement
regurgitant flow
reiter syndrome
relapsing leaflet
relapsing polychondritis
renal adenocarcinoma
renal agenesis
renal artery
renal autotransplantation
renal calculus
renal column
renal complication
renal corpuscle
renal crest
renal cyst
renal failure
renal fascia
renal hypertension
renal lobe
renal lobule
renal pedicle
renal pelvis
renal pyramid
renal segment
renal sinus
renal spondyloarthropathy
renal subcortex
renal tubule
renal vein
renal vessel
renin sampling
renovascular hypertension
report component
report footer
report header
report index
report section
residual disease
resource timestamp
resp.gated acquisition
respiratory bronchiole
respiratory conduit
respiratory disorder
respiratory gating
respiratory system
respiratory tract
respiratory triggering
resting ischemia
restricted diffusion
restricted motion
restrictive cardiomyopathy
retention cyst
reticular enhancement
reticular formation
reticular pattern
reticulonodular pattern
reticulospinal tract
reticulotegmental nucleus
retinal detachment
retinohypothalamic tract
retroambiguus nucleus
retroanastomotic hernia
retrobulbar fat
retrocalcaneal bursa
retrocecal recess
retrochiasmatic area
retrocommissural hippocampus
retrodorsolateral nucleus
retroduodenal artery
retroduodenal fascia
retroduodenal recess
retrofacial nucleus
retrograde flow
retrograde intrabiliary
retrograde pyelography
retrograde ureterography
retrograde ureteropyelography
retrograde urethrography
retrohyoid bursa
retro.inguinal compartment
retro.inguinal space
retrolental fibroplasia
retromandibular vein
retromolar trigone
retro.olivary area
retro.olivary sulcus
retropancreatic fascia
retroperitoneal compartment
retroperitoneal fibrosis
retropubic compartment
retropubic space
retrospective gating
retrosternal space
retrosternal stripe
retrotrigeminal nucleus
retrozonular space
rett syndrome
reuniens nucleus
reversal sign
reversed flow
rhabdoid meningioma
rhabdomyomatous neoplasm
rhese view
rheumatic disease
rheumatoid arthritis
rheumatoid nodule
rhinal sulcus
rhomboid nucleus
ribbon bowel
ribbon ribs
richter hernia
rid.preferred.name xml.lang..en.
riedel thyroiditis
rieter arthritis
right acromion
right amygdala
right anconeus
right archicortex
right areola
right atrium
right brachialis
right brachioradialis
right claustrum
right clavicle
right coracobrachialis
right cuneus
right deltoid
right fabella
right femur
right fibula
right gastrocnemius
right gracilis
right hemicolectomy
right hemidiaphragm
right hemiliver
right hemiscrotum
right hemithorax
right hippocampus
right humerus
right hypochondrium
right iliocostalis
right iliopsoas
right infraspinatus
right insula
right kidney
right knee
right longissimus
right lung
right mesometrium
right mesosalpinx
right mesovarium
right metathalamus
right multifidus
right neocortex
right nipple
right olecranon
right ovary
right paleocortex
right parasubiculum
right patella
right pectineus
right plantaris
right popliteus
right precuneus
right presubiculum
right pulvinar
right putamen
right pyramidalis
right radius
right sartorius
right scapula
right semimembranosus
right semitendinosus
right side
right soleus
right subclavius
right subiculum
right subscapularis
right supinator
right supraspinatus
right tapetum
right testis
right thalamus
right tibia
right.to.left shunt
right trapezius
right ulna
right uncus
right ureter
right ventricle
rigler sign
rima glottidis
rima vestibule
rim calcification
rim enhancement
ring.around.the.artery sign
ring artifact
ring collimator
ring finger
ring fixator
ripple sign
risoris muscle
roadmap image
robert view
rolandic cortex
rolando fracture
roll lateral
roll medial
rosai.dorfman disease
rosary sign
rosenberg view
rotational angiography
rotation disorder
rotation injury
rotator interval
rotator muscle
rotatory subluxation
round calcification
rounded atelectasis
round mass
round window
rubrobulbar tract
rubronuclear tract
rubro.olivary tract
rubropontine tract
rubrospinal tract
ruptured aneurysm
rush rod
s1 segment
s2 segment
s3 segment
s4 segment
s5 segment
saccular aneurysm
saccular duct
saccular nerve
saccular recess
sacral ala
sacral canal
sacral cornu
sacral foramen
sacral ganglion
sacral groove
sacral hiatus
sacral nerve
sacral plexus
sacral promontory
sacral tuberosity
sacral vertebra
sacrococcygeal disc
sacrococcygeal joint
sacrogenital fold
sacrogenital ligament
sacroiliac joint
sacroiliac joints
sacrospinous ligament
sacrotuberous ligament
saddle coil
saddle embolism
sagittal plane
sagittal stratum
sagittal suture
sagulum nucleus
salivary gland
salpingopalatine fold
salpingopharyngeal fold
salpingopharyngeus muscle
salt.and.pepper sign
salter.harris fracture
samarium.153 lexidronam
sandstorm appearance
sandwich sign
sandwich vertebrae
saphenous nerve
sartorius muscle
satellite nodule
saturation artifact
saturation recovery
sausage digit
sawtooth ureter
scala media
scala tympani
scala vestibuli
scalene muscle
scalenus minimus
scan increment
scan mode
scanner generation
scanning direction
scan trigger
scaphocapitate joint
scaphocapitate ligament
scaphoid tubercle
scaphoid view
scapholunate joint
scapholunate ligament
scaphotrapezial joint
scaphotrapeziotrapezoid joint
scaphotrapezoidal joint
scapulothoracic articulation
scapulothoracic bursa
scar marker
scatter artifact
schanz screw
schapotrapezium.trapezoid ligament
schatzki ring
scheuermann disease
schmorl node
schneiderian papilloma
schuller view
sciatic hernia
sciatic nerve
scimitar sign
scleral vein
sclerosing osteomyelitis
screen.film radiography
screw placement
secondary duct
secondary effectiveness
secondary fissure
secondary patency
second digit
second toe
second trimester
secretory meningioma
section gap
section interval
section thickness
sedation depth
sedimentation sign
segmental bronchus
segmental enhancement
segond fracture
sella turcica
semicircular canal
semicircular duct
semiconstrained implant
semilunar hiatus
semimembranosus.gastrocnemius recess
semimembranosus muscle
semimembranosus tendon
semimembranous bursa
semi.mobile joint
seminal colliculus
seminal ducts
seminal vesicle
seminal vesiculectomy
semioval center
semispinalis capitis
semispinalis cervicis
semispinalis thoracis
semitendinosus muscle
semitendinosus tendon
sense reconstruction
sensory ganglion
separable filter
sepsis complication
septal defect
septal lines
septal thickening
septal vein
septic bursitis
septic embolism
septofimbrial nucleus
septomarginal fasciculus
septum pellucidum
serendipity view
seronegative spondyloarthropathy
serous cystadenocarcinoma
serous cystadenoma
serous membrane
serous pericardium
serous sac
serratus posterior
sesamoid bone
settegast view
seven.pinhole collimator
sever disease
seymour fracture
shading artifact
shading sign
shadow sign
shallow breaths
sharp kernel
shear injury
shell sign
shepherd fracture
shim coil
shmoo.shaped heart
short bone
short.looped nephron
shotgun sign
shoulder extension
shoulder girdle
shoulder sign
shunt catheter
shunt contrast
shunt creation
shunt detection
shunt dysfunction
shunt patency
shunt tubing
sialodochitis fibrinosa
sickle sign
side effect
siderotic nodule
side.to.side anastomosis
side.to.side pouch
sigmoid artery
sigmoid colon
sigmoid mesocolon
sigmoid sinus
sigmoid vein
sigmoid volvulus
signal characteristic
signal.related observation
silhouette sign
silicone inversion
silicone saturation
silicone synovitis
simple cyst
sinding.larsen.johansson disease
single breath
single.contrast imaging
single detector
single determination
single duct
single.element transducer
single interpretation
single phase
single plane
single source
sinotubular junction
sinus tympani
sitting position
sitzmarks test
size descriptor
skeletal dysplasia
skeletal ligament
skeletal survey
skeletal system
skin calcification
skin invasion
skin lesion
skin retraction
skin staple
skin thickening
slice thickness
slow flow
small.airways disease
small finger
small intestine
small joint
smash reconstruction
smile sign
smith fracture
smoke inhalation
smooth kernel
smooth margin
snare retrieval
snowman sign
soft palate
soleal line
solenoid coil
soleus muscle
solid carcinoma
solidness descriptor
solid organ
solitariospinal tract
solitary lesion
source.to.image distance
source.to.object distance
source.to.skin distance
spade shape
spaghetti sign
spalding sign
spatial saturation
spatial smoothing
spect arc
spectral inversion
spectral saturation
spectroscopy acquisition
speech pathology
speed descriptor
spermatic cord
spermatocytic seminoma
sperm cell
sphenoethmoidal recess
sphenoethmoidal suture
sphenoethmoidal synchondrosis
sphenofrontal suture
sphenoidal crest
sphenoid bone
sphenoid lingula
sphenoid sinus
sphenoid strut
sphenoid turbinate
sphenomaxillary suture
sphenooccipital synchondrosis
sphenopalatine artery
sphenopalatine foramen
sphenoparietal sinus
sphenoparietal suture
sphenopetrosal synchondrosis
sphenosquamous suture
sphenovomerine suture
spheroid sign
sphincter choledochus
spiculated margin
spider plate
spider web
spigelian hernia
spina bifida
spinal anesthesia
spinal artery
spinal canal
spinal cord
spinal fusion
spinal implant
spinalis capitis
spinalis cervicis
spinalis thoracis
spinal lemniscus
spinal nerve
spinal region
spinal stenosis
spinal vein
spinal vessel
spin echo
spine degeneration
spin labeling
spin lock
spinocervical tract
spinoglenoid notch
spino.olivary tract
spinoreticular tract
spinovestibular tract
spiral limbus
spiral organ
spiral sign
spiral sulcus
splanchnic nerve
spleen surgery
splenial artery
splenic artery
splenic cord
splenic hemorrhage
splenic pedicle
splenic pulp
splenic rupture
splenic sequestration
splenic vein
splenius capitis
splenius cervicis
splenocolic ligament
splenorenal ligament
split acquisition
spondylosis deformans
spontaneous hemorrhage
spot compression
spot image
spotted nephrogram
spot view
s pouch
spring ligament
spur sign
squamomastoid suture
squamous adenocarcinoma
squamous metaplasia
squamous papilloma
squamous suture
squeeze sign
stable disease
stab phlebectomy
staghorn calculus
standing maneuver
standing position
stapedial membrane
stapedius nerve
stapes prostheses
star artifact
starch synovitis
starry sky
stat blue
stationary multi.channel
status descriptor
staunig view
steal syndrome
stecher view
steeple sign
steinman pin
stent malposition
stent placement
stenvers view
stepladder sign
stercoral colitis
stereotactic biopsy
stereotactic localization
stereotactic radiography
sternoclavicular disc
sternoclavicular joint
sternoclavicular joints
sternocleidomastoid muscle
sternocleidomastoid region
sternocleidomastoid vein
sternohyoid muscle
sternothyroid muscle
steroid injection
stierlin sign
stiff wire
stimulated echoartifact
stippled enhancement
stipple sign
stomach surgery
straight gyrus
straight sheath
straight sinus
strain imaging
straining maneuver
strangulated hernia
strawberry skull
streaking artifact
stress agent
stress fracture
stress maneuver
stria terminalis
stricture complication
stricture dilation
string sign
stripe artifact
stroke complication
stromal tumor
studer pouch
stump blowout
stunned myocardium
styloglossus muscle
stylohyoid ligament
stylohyoid muscle
styloid prominence
stylomastoid artery
stylomastoid foramen
stylomastoid vein
stylopharyngeus muscle
subacromial bursa
subacromial.subdeltoid bursa
subacute thyroiditis
subanconeus bursa
subarachnoid cistern
subarachnoid fissure
subarachnoid fossa
subarachnoid hemorrhage
subarachnoid incisure
subarachnoid space
subarachnoid sulcus
subarticular plane
subbrachial nucleus
subcallosal area
subcallosal fasciculus
subcapsular .disc.
subcapsular .liver.
subcentral gyrus
subchondral bone
subclavian artery
subclavian triangle
subclavian vein
subclavius muscle
subcommissural organ
subcoracoid bursa
subcostal artery
subcostal nerve
subcuneiform nucleus
subcutaneous bursa
subcutaneous fat
subdeltoid bursa
sub.diaphragm region
subdural hematoma
subdural space
subfalcine herniation
subfascicular nucleus
subfornical organ
subgaleal space
subglottal stenosis
subhepatic space
subhypoglossal nucleus
subicular complex
sublentiform nucleus
sublime tubercle
sublingual artery
sublingual caruncle
sublingual fold
sublingual ganglion
sublingual gland
sublingual nerve
sublingual nucleus
sublingual space
sublingual vein
submandibular ganglion
submandibular gland
submandibular space
submandibular triangle
submedial nucleus
submental artery
submental triangle
submental vein
submentovertex projection
submentovertical view
suboccipital muscle
suboccipital nerve
subparabrachial nucleus
subparafascicular nucleus
subperiosteal space
subphrenic abscess
subphrenic space
subpleural region
subpubic angle
subscapular artery
subscapular fossa
subscapularis bursa
subscapularis muscle
subscapularis tendon
subscapular nerve
subscapular vein
subsegmental bronchus
subsequent day
substance removal
substantia gelatinosa
substantia innominata
substantia nigra
subtalar coalition
subtalar joint
subtendinous bursa
subthalamic fasciculus
subthalamic nucleus
subthreshold lesion
subtotal colectomy
subtraction imaging
sucrose polyester
sulcocommissural artery
sulcomarginal fasciculus
sulcus limitans
sulcus sclerae
sulcus sign
sulcus tali
sulcus tubae
sunburst pattern
sunrise view
superciliary border
superficial biopsy
superficial siderosis
superimposed image
superior colliculus
superior eyelid
superior fovea
superior mediastinum
supinator crest
supinator muscle
supinator sign
supinator tunnel
supine position
supine view
suppurative arthritis
suppurative thyroiditis
supra.aortic area
supra.aortic triangle
supra.azygos area
supracalcarine cortex
supracallosal gyrus
suprachiasmatic artery
suprachiasmatic cistern
suprachiasmatic nucleus
supraclavicular nerve
supracolic space
supracondylar process
supraduodenal artery
suprageniculate nucleus
supraglenoid tubercle
suprahyoid muscle
suprahyoid neck
supralemniscal nucleus
supramammillary commissure
supramammillary nucleus
supramarginal gyrus
supra.optic artery
supraoptic commissure
supraoptic crest
supraoptic nucleus
supraopticohypophyseal tract
supraorbital artery
supraorbital foramen
supraorbital margin
supraorbital nerve
supraorbital notch
supraorbital vein
suprapatellar plica
suprapatellar recess
suprapedicular plane
suprapiriform foramen
suprapubic catheter
suprapubic ligament
suprarenal aorta
suprascapular artery
suprascapular nerve
suprascapular notch
suprascapular vein
suprasellar cistern
supraspinal nucleus
supraspinatus muscle
supraspinatus outlet
supraspinatus tendon
supraspinous fossa
supraspinous ligament
suprasternal compartment
suprasternal space
supratonsillar fossa
supratrochlear artery
supratrochlear nerve
supratrochlear vein
supravesical fossa
sural nerve
surface arthroplasty
surface papilla
surfer ear
surgery descriptor
surgical biopsy
surgical cement
surgical clip
surgical drain
surgical equipment
surgical implement
surgical procedure
surgical scar
surgical staple
surgical wire
susceptibility artifact
suspicious calcification
sustentaculum tali
suture calcification
suture granuloma
swan.ganz catheter
swimmers view
swirl sign
symmetric enhancement
symmetric size
sympathetic ganglion
sympathetic trunk
symphysis pubis
syndesmotic screw
synovial bursa
synovial cyst
synovial fluid
synovial fold
synovial joint
synovial membrane
synovial neoplasm
synovial osteochondromatosis
synovial sac
synovial sarcoma
synthetic graft
synthetic material
syringoperitoneal shunt
systemic artery
systemic vein
systolic doming
systolic flow
t0 stage
t10 segment
t11 segment
t12 segment
t1 segment
t1 weighted
t2 hyperintensity
t2 hypointensity
t2 prep
t2 segment
t2.t1 weighted
t2 weighted
t2. weighted
t3 segment
t4 segment
t5 segment
t6 segment
t7 segment
t8 segment
t9 segment
table speed
table steps
table.to.detector.head translation
tacked.down sign
taenia coli
taenia fornicis
tagging pulse
takayasu arteritis
talar dome
talc embolism
talocalcaneal coalition
talonavicular joint
tangential projection
tangential view
tangent sign
tanycytic ependymoma
target angle
targeted microbubbles
target enhancement
tarrant view
tarsal bone
tarsal canal
tarsal coalition
tarsal navicular
tarsal tunnel
tarsometatarsal joint
tattoo sign
tau sign
taylor view
tay.sachs disease
tc.99m apcitide
tc.99m arcitumomab
tc.99m bicisate
tc.99m disofenin
tc.99m dtpa
tc.99m exametazine
tc.99m fanolesomab
tc.99m gluceptate
tc.99m mebrofenin
tc.99m mercaptoacetyltriglycine
tc.99m mertiatide
tc.99m methylene.diphosphonate
tc.99m oxidronate
tc.99m pertechnetate
tc.99m pyrophosphate
tc.99m sestamibi
tc.99m succimer
tc.99m tetrofosmin
t.cell lymphoma
teaching descriptor
teardrop fracture
technical success
technique effectiveness
tectal lamina
tectal plate
tectobulbar tract
tectopontine tract
tectospinal tract
tegmental nuclei
tegmen tympani
tela choroidea
telangiectatic osteosarcoma
telebrix 350
tem coil
temperature patch
temperature probe
temporal arteritis
temporal artery
temporal bone
temporal descriptor
temporal entity
temporal fascia
temporalis muscle
temporal lobe
temporal operculum
temporal pole
temporal smoothing
temporal tap
temporary occlusion
temporomandibular joint
temporomandibular vein
temporoparietalis muscle
temporozygomatic suture
tendinous cuff
tendon sheath
tension pneumocephalus
tension pneumo.orbit
tension pneumothorax
tensor tympani
tentorial artery
tentorial nerve
tentorium cerebelli
terminal aorta
terminal bronchiole
terminal ileum
terminal vein
terminal ventricle
terson syndrome
test bolus
testicular artery
testicular cancer
testicular prosthesis
testicular vein
teufel view
thalamic complex
thalamic fasciculus
thalamic tract
thalamogeniculate artery
thalamoperforating artery
thalamotuberal artery
thanatophoric dysplasia
theimann disease
thenar muscle
therapeutic agent
therapeutic response
therapy infusion
thick continuous
thick interrupted
thickness descriptor
thick rim
thick sclerotic
thick septae
thigh proper
thimble bladder
thin continuous
thin interrupted
thin rim
thin sclerotic
thin section
thin septae
third digit
third toe
third trimester
third trochanter
third ventricle
thoracic aorta
thoracic artery
thoracic cavity
thoracic column
thoracic duct
thoracic ganglion
thoracic inlet
thoracic intertransversarius
thoracic nerve
thoracic rotator
thoracic vertebra
thoraco.abdominal junction
thoraco.abdominal plane
thoraco.acromial artery
thoraco.acromial vein
thoracodorsal artery
thoracodorsal nerve
thoracodorsal vein
thoracoepigastric vein
thoracolumbar junction
thoracostomy tube
thorn sign
throckmorton sign
thrombin injection
thromboangiitis obliterans
thrombolytic agent
thumb sign
thymic cyst
thymic vein
thyroarytenoid muscle
thyrocervical artery
thyrocervical trunk
thyroepiglottic ligament
thyrohyoid ligament
thyrohyoid membrane
thyrohyoid muscle
thyroid acropachy
thyroid cancer
thyroid cartilage
thyroid gland
thyroid tubercle
tibial nerve
tibial plafond
tibial plateau
tibial tuberosity
tibiocalcaneal ligament
tibiofemoral joint
tibiofibular joint
tibionavicular ligament
tibiospring ligament
tie.breaking rules
tillaux fracture
time.activity curve
time.to.peak map
tissue composition
tissue embolism
tissue sampling
tissue space
toddler fracture
tolosa.hunt syndrome
tonsillar fossa
too little
too much
toothpaste sign
tooth sign
top.of.the.knob sign
torcular herophili
tornwaldt cyst
torus fracture
torus tubarius
total colectomy
total proctocolectomy
towne view
toxic encephalopathy
t plate
trabecular bone
trabecular thickening
tracheal vein
tracheobronchial tree
tracheoesophageal fistula
tracheostomy tube
track dilation
tracker coil
traction bronchiectasis
traction bronchiolectasis
traction device
tractus solitarius
tragal lamina
tragicus muscle
transcatheter biopsy
transchondral fracture
transcutaneous doppler
transesophageal transducer
transfusional siderosis
transhepatic cholangiography
transient osteoporosis
transitional meningioma
transitional phase
transitory synovitis
transmesenteric hernia
transmesosigmoid hernia
transmit array
transomental hernia
transoral projection
transplanted kidney
transplanted liver
transplanted organ
transplanted pancreas
transpyloric plane
trans.scapular view
transtentorial herniation
transthoracic view
transuretero ureterostomy
transversalis fascia
transverse colon
transverse fissure
transverse ligament
transverse mesocolon
transverse myelitis
transverse process
transverse sinus
transversus abdominis
transversus thoracis
trapeziocapitate ligament
trapeziotrapezoidal joint
trapezius muscle
trapezoid body
trapezoid ligament
traumatic synovitis
treadmill exercise
treatment planning
treatment technique
tree.in.bud sign
triangle sign
triangular fibrocartilage
triangular interval
triangular ligament
triangular sign
triangular space
triceps tendon
tricuspid valve
trident hand
trigeminal ganglion
trigeminal impression
trigeminal lemniscus
trigeminal nerve
trigeminal tuberculum
trigeminospinal tract
trigeminothalamic tract
trigger point
triphasic flow
triple phase
triplex ultrasound
tripod fracture
triquetrocapitate ligament
triquetrohamate joint
triquetrohamate ligament
trisomy 18
triticeal cartilage
triton tumor
trochanteric fossa
trochlear nerve
trochlear notch
trochlear nucleus
trochlear ridge
trolley.track sign
tropical sprue
tropical ulcer
true lumen
trumpet sign
truncation artifact
trunk proper
truth descriptor
t stage
t.tube cholangiography
t.tube contrast
tubal tonsil
tube exchange
tube injection
tube insertion
tube potential
tuber cinereum
tuberculous arthritis
tuberculous spondylitis
tuberculum cuneatus
tuberculum gracilis
tuberculum sellae
tube replacement
tuberomammillary nucleus
tubo.ovarian abscess
tubular adenoma
tubular plate
tubular structure
tubulovillous adenoma
tumescent anesthesia
tumoral calcinosis
tumor embolism
tumor enucleation
tumor.related complication
tumor.specific agent
tumor stage
tumor vascularity
tunica intima
tunneled catheter
tunnel view
turbidity descriptor
turbulent flow
turret exostosis
twining view
twin pregnancy
tympanic body
tympanic canal
tympanic canaliculus
tympanic cell
tympanic ganglion
tympanic lamella
tympanic membrane
tympanic nerve
tympanic notch
tympanic plexus
tympanic ring
tympanic sulcus
tympanic vein
tympanomastoid fissure
tympanosquamosal fissure
tympanostapedial joint
tympanostomy tube
typically benign
ulcerative colitis
ulcer.within.an.ulcer sign
ulnar artery
ulnar nerve
ulnar styloid
ulnar tunnel
ulnar vein
ulnocapitate ligament
ulnocarpal articulation
ultra.high resolution
ultrasound.assisted venipuncture
ultrasound transducer
umbilical artery
umbilical cord
umbilical fascia
umbilical fissure
umbilical fold
umbilical hernia
umbilical vein
umbrella sign
unavailable exam
uncal artery
uncal herniation
uncinate fasciculus
uncovertebral joint
under stress
undistorted vessels
unenhanced phase
unicompartmental arthroplasty
unicompartmental prosthesis
unicornuate uterus
uniformity descriptor
unilaminar epithelium
uninhibited bladder
uninterpretable image
uniphasic flow
unspecified laterality
upper abdomen
upper extremity
upper hemithorax
upper lip
upper trunk
upright position
upstream duct
urachal sign
ureteral calculus
ureteral fold
ureteral orifice
ureteral reimplantation
ureteritis cystica
ureteropelvic junction
uretero.sigmoid anastomosis
ureterostomy exchange
ureterovesical junction
ureter surgery
urethral contrast
urethral crest
urethral sphincter
urethral stenosis
urethral surgery
urinary bladder
urinary complication
urinary diversion
urinary pouch
urinary system
urinary tract
urine leak
uriniferous tubule
urogenital diaphragm
urogenital finding
urogenital peritoneum
uterine adnexa
uterine artery
uterine horn
uterine margin
uterine tube
uterosacral ligament
uterotubal junction
uterotubal orifice
uterovaginal fascia
uterovesical fold
uterus didelphys
uterus surgery
utricular duct
utricular nerve
utricular recess
utriculo.ampullary nerve
utriculosaccular duct
uveomeningitic syndrome
vacuum.assisted biopsy
vacuum phenomenon
vagal trigone
vaginal delivery
vaginal fascia
vagus nerve
valdini view
valgus deformity
vallate papillae
vallecular sign
valsalva maneuver
variceal banding
varices descriptor
varus deformity
vascular access
vascular anastomosis
vascular calcification
vascular disease
vascular disorder
vascular flow
vascular malformation
vascular pedicle
vascular region
vascular stent
vascular stent.graft
vascular tree
vas deferens
vastus intermedius
vastus lateralis
vastus medialis
velocity.encoding gradient
velpeau view
velum interpositum
veno.occlusive disease
venous anastomosis
venous filter
venous flow
venous hemangioma
venous malformation
venous phase
venous plexus
venous sampling
venous system
venous thrombosis
ventral hernia
ventral pallidum
ventral position
ventral striatum
ventral thalamus
ventricular foramen
ventriculoatrial shunt
ventriculoperitoneal shunt
ventrolateral nucleus
ventrolateral sulcus
ventromedial nucleus
vertebral apophyses
vertebral apophysis
vertebral artery
vertebral augmentation
vertebral body
vertebral foramen
vertebral fracture
vertebral fusion
vertebral ganglion
vertebral vein
vertebropelvic ligament
vertical.banded gastroplasty
verticosubmental projection
very hypoechoic
vesical fascia
vesicoureteral reflux
vesicouterine pouch
vesicovaginal septum
vessel layer
vestibular aqueduct
vestibular area
vestibular canaliculus
vestibular crest
vestibular ganglion
vestibular gland
vestibular labyrinth
vestibular lamella
vestibular ligament
vestibular membrane
vestibular nerve
vestibular nuclei
vestibular nucleus
vestibulo.auditory system
vestibulocerebellar tract
vestibulocochlear artery
vestibulocochlear nerve
vestibulocochlear organ
vestibulocochlear vein
vestibulospinal tract
via fistula
video urodynamics
vidian artery
vidian canal
villonodular synovitis
villous adenoma
viral infection
viral pneumonia
visceral artery
visceral fat
visceral peritoneum
visceral pleura
visceral serosa
visceral space
visceral subserosa
visibility descriptor
visual system
vitreous body
vitreous humor
vitreous membrane
vitreous stroma
vocal fold
vocalis muscle
vocal ligament
voiding maneuver
voiding urethrography
volume acquisition
volume imaging
volume quantification
volume rendering
vomeronasal organ
vomerorostral canal
vomerovaginal canal
vomerovaginal groove
vorticose vein
voxel geometry
vulval vestibule
wallerian degeneration
wall motion
wandering spleen
washout appearance
water contrast
water density
waterfall hilum
water inversion
water saturation
water.soluble contrast
waterston shunt
wave sign
wedge filter
wedge sign
wegener granulomatosis
weight.bearing bone
weight.bearing maneuver
weight.bearing position
wernicke area
wernicke encephalopathy
wernig.hoffman disease
westermark sign
whalebone.in.a.corset sign
whipple disease
whirlpool sign
whiskering effect
whitaker test
whole body
wide transition
width descriptor
wilms tumor
wire placement
wire tip
with implants
without maneuver
without port
with port
wolf view
workflow term
wound.vac drain
wrist joint
wrong demographics
w sign
xanthine stone
xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis
xanthogranulomatous inflammation
xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis
xanthoma disseminatum
xenon contrast
xiphoid process
x.ray angiography
xray collimator
yin.yang sign
young adult
yo.yo.on.a.string sign
y view
zanca view
zipper artifact
zona incerta
zona orbicularis
zona spongiosa
zoning sign
zygomatic arch
zygomatic bone
zygomatic nerve
zygomaticofacial foramen
zygomatico.orbital artery
zygomatico.orbital foramen
zygomaticotemporal foramen
