10 pairs
11 pairs
11 thoracic
1.2 finger
1.2 toe
1.3 finger
1.3 toe
1.4 finger
1.4 toe
1.5 finger
1.5 toe
1.minute apgar
2.3 finger
2.3 syndactyly
2.3 toe
2.3 toes
2.4 finger
2.4 toe
2.5 finger
2.5 toe
2nd.5th toe
3.4 finger
3.4 toe
3.5 finger
3.5 toe
3rd toe
4.5 finger
4.5 toe
46.xy gonadal
4th finger
4th toe
5.minute apgar
5th finger
6 long
abdominal aortic
abdominal aseptic
abdominal ectopia
abdominal muscular
abdominal situs
abdominal wall
aberrant melanosome
aberrant neuronal
aberrant right
ablepharon of
abnormal 6.hydroxypurine
abnormal absence
abnormal acetylcarnitine
abnormal activity
abnormal adiponectin
abnormal adipose
abnormal adrenal
abnormal aggressive.
abnormal albumin
abnormal aldolase
abnormal alpha.beta
abnormal alpha
abnormal amniotic
abnormal amplitude
abnormal amsler
abnormal anatomic
abnormal angiostatin
abnormal ankle
abnormal anterior
abnormal antimullerian
abnormal anus
abnormal aorta
abnormal aortic
abnormal apolipoprotein
abnormal appendicular
abnormal arm
abnormal arterial
abnormal aryepiglottic
abnormal ascending
abnormal atrial
abnormal atrioventricular
abnormal auditory
abnormal automated
abnormal autonomic
abnormal axial
abnormal axonemal
abnormal basal
abnormal basophil
abnormal b
abnormal belly
abnormal best
abnormal big
abnormal biliary
abnormal biotinidase
abnormal blistering
abnormal blood
abnormal body
abnormal bone
abnormal bones
abnormal bowel
abnormal brain
abnormal brainstem
abnormal branching
abnormal breast
abnormal breath
abnormal bronchus
abnormal b.type
abnormal buccal
abnormal cadiomyocyte
abnormal calcification
abnormal calf
abnormal capillary
abnormal cardiac
abnormal cardiomyocyte
abnormal carotid
abnormal carpal
abnormal cartilage
abnormal cd25
abnormal cd4.cd8
abnormal cd4.negative.
abnormal cd4.positive.
abnormal cd69
abnormal celiac
abnormal cell
abnormal cellular
abnormal central
abnormal cerebral
abnormal cerumen
abnormal cervical
abnormal cholesterol
abnormal chorioretinal
abnormal choroid
abnormal chromosome
abnormal chylomicron
abnormal ciliary
abnormal circle
abnormal circulating
abnormal cns
abnormal coagulation
abnormal cochlea
abnormal collecting
abnormal color
abnormal common
abnormal compact
abnormal complement
abnormal concentration
abnormal cone.mediated
abnormal confrontational
abnormal conjugate
abnormal conjunctiva
abnormal connection
abnormal consumption
abnormal copper
abnormal cornea
abnormal coronary
abnormal corpus
abnormal cortical
abnormal c
abnormal c.peptide
abnormal craniofacial
abnormal cranium
abnormal cricoid
abnormal csf
abnormal csf.serum
abnormal curve
abnormal curving
abnormal cutaneous
abnormal cytokine
abnormal dark.adapted
abnormal delayed
abnormal dense
abnormal dental
abnormal deposits
abnormal dermatoglyphics
abnormal dermoepidermal
abnormal diaphysis
abnormal diffusing
abnormal direction
abnormal distribution
abnormal dn
abnormal double.negative
abnormal double
abnormal drinking
abnormal ear
abnormal eating
abnormal elasticity
abnormal electromyography
abnormal electrophysiology
abnormal emotion.affect
abnormal enchondral
abnormal endocardium
abnormal endocrine
abnormal energy
abnormal enzyme.coenzyme
abnormal eosinophil
abnormal epiglottis
abnormal epiphyseal
abnormal erythrocyte
abnormal erythroid
abnormal estermann
abnormal estrogen
abnormal exocrine
abnormal external
abnormal extraocular
abnormal eyebrow
abnormal eyelid
abnormal eye
abnormal facial
abnormal facility
abnormal factor
abnormal faeces
abnormal fat
abnormal fear.anxiety.related
abnormal feces
abnormal feet
abnormal female
abnormal femoral
abnormal finger
abnormal fingernail
abnormal finger.nose.finger
abnormal flash
abnormal flow
abnormal foot
abnormal forearm
abnormal formation
abnormal form
abnormal foveal
abnormal fucosylation
abnormal full.field
abnormal fundus
abnormal g6pd
abnormal gallbladder
abnormal gastrointestinal
abnormal genital
abnormal germ
abnormal globe
abnormal globus
abnormal glomerular
abnormal glossopharyngeal
abnormal glucagon
abnormal glucose.6.phosphate
abnormal glucose
abnormal gmp
abnormal gprt
abnormal granulocyte
abnormal granulocytopoietic
abnormal great
abnormal greater
abnormal hair
abnormal hand
abnormal hard
abnormal hardy.rand.rittler
abnormal hdl
abnormal head
abnormal heart
abnormal heel
abnormal hepatic
abnormal hepcidin
abnormal horizontal
abnormal humeral
abnormal humerus
abnormal humphrey
abnormal hyaline
abnormal hypothalamus
abnormal hypoxanthine.guanine
abnormal immunoglobulin
abnormal incisura
abnormal index
abnormal indocyanine
abnormal inferior
abnormal inflammatory
abnormal inner
abnormal innermost
abnormal insertion
abnormal insulin
abnormal interatrial
abnormal intermamillary
abnormal internal
abnormal interventricular
abnormal intestine
abnormal intramembranous
abnormal intraocular
abnormal intrauterine
abnormal involuntary
abnormal iris
abnormal iron
abnormal ishihara
abnormal isoelectric
abnormalities of
abnormality involving
abnormality iris
abnormality lipoprotein
abnormality monocyte
abnormality of
abnormality on
abnormal jaw
abnormal joint
abnormal jugular
abnormal kidney
abnormal kinetic
abnormal lacrimal
abnormal lactate
abnormal langerhans
abnormal large
abnormal larynx
abnormal lateral
abnormal layering
abnormal ldl.c
abnormal ldl
abnormal left
abnormal length
abnormal leukocyte
abnormal level
abnormal levels
abnormal light.adapted
abnormal light.
abnormal limb
abnormal lingual
abnormal lip
abnormal liver
abnormal localisation
abnormal localization
abnormal location
abnormal lower.limb
abnormal lower
abnormal lung
abnormal luteinizing
abnormally broad
abnormally close
abnormally dry
abnormally folded
abnormally heavy
abnormally large
abnormally lax
abnormally loose
abnormally loud
abnormally low
abnormally low.pitched
abnormal lymphatic
abnormal lymph
abnormal lymphocyte
abnormally placed
abnormally prominent
abnormally shaped
abnormally small
abnormal lysosomal
abnormally straight
abnormal macrophage
abnormal macular
abnormal magnesium
abnormal male
abnormal mandible
abnormal mandibular
abnormal mannosylation
abnormal manual
abnormal mast
abnormal maternal
abnormal maturation
abnormal mean
abnormal medial
abnormal megakaryocyte
abnormal metabolic
abnormal metacarpal
abnormal metaphyseal
abnormal metatarsal
abnormal mhc
abnormal middle
abnormal migration
abnormal mitochondria
abnormal mitochondrial
abnormal mitochondrion
abnormal mitral
abnormal monocyte
abnormal morphology
abnormal motility
abnormal motor
abnormal mouth
abnormal movement
abnormal mucociliary
abnormal multifocal
abnormal muscle
abnormal myeloid
abnormal myocardium
abnormal nail
abnormal naive
abnormal nasal
abnormal nasolacrimal
abnormal natural
abnormal neck
abnormal nerve
abnormal nervous
abnormal neural
abnormal neuronal
abnormal neuron
abnormal neutrophil
abnormal nipple
abnormal nk
abnormal nose
abnormal nucleoside
abnormal number
abnormal numbers
abnormal oblique
abnormal oct.measured
abnormal ocular
abnormal odontoid
abnormal of
abnormal onset
abnormal optical
abnormal oral
abnormal ossification
abnormal osteoclast
abnormal ovarian
abnormal p50.n95
abnormal palate
abnormal palmar
abnormal pancreas
abnormal pancreatic
abnormal paracentral
abnormal parotid
abnormal partial
abnormal pattern
abnormal pec
abnormal pelvis
abnormal pericardium
abnormal perifollicular
abnormal periosteum
abnormal peripheral
abnormal permanent
abnormal pigmentation
abnormal pineal
abnormal pinhole
abnormal placental
abnormal plalelet
abnormal plantar
abnormal plasma
abnormal platelet
abnormal pns
abnormal podocyte
abnormal position
abnormal posterior
abnormal presence
abnormal pr
abnormal prints
abnormal proerythroblast
abnormal prolactin
abnormal prominence
abnormal proportion
abnormal protein
abnormal pulmonary
abnormal pulse
abnormal pupillary
abnormal pupil
abnormal p
abnormal pyramidal
abnormal qrs
abnormal qt
abnormal radial
abnormal radioactive
abnormal rapid
abnormal rectus
abnormal regional
abnormal rem
abnormal renal
abnormal reproductive
abnormal respiratory
abnormal response
abnormal resting
abnormal retinal
abnormal retinol.binding
abnormal retropulsion
abnormal rib
abnormal right
abnormal rod
abnormal rotation
abnormal sacral
abnormal salivary
abnormal sclera
abnormal scrotal
abnormal scrotum
abnormal second
abnormal sense
abnormal sensory
abnormal serum
abnormal sex
abnormal shape
abnormal sharpey
abnormal sialylation
abnormal size
abnormal skeletal
abnormal skin
abnormal small
abnormal smooth
abnormal social
abnormal soft
abnormal spaced
abnormal spatial
abnormal speech
abnormal sperm
abnormal spinal
abnormal spleen
abnormal static
abnormal sternal
abnormal stomach
abnormal stool
abnormal st
abnormal subclavian
abnormal subcutaneous
abnormal subpleural
abnormal sudomotor
abnormal superficial
abnormal superior
abnormal superoxide
abnormal superoxide.superoxide
abnormal surface.connected
abnormal susceptibility
abnormal suspensory
abnormal sweat
abnormal synaptic
abnormal systemic
abnormal t3.t4
abnormal tarsal
abnormal t
abnormal t.cell
abnormal teeth
abnormal telomere
abnormal temper
abnormal tendency
abnormal tendon
abnormal terminal
abnormal test
abnormal thalamic
abnormal thigh
abnormal thoracic
abnormal thrombocyte
abnormal thryoid
abnormal thumb
abnormal thymus
abnormal thyroid
abnormal thyroid.stimulating
abnormal timing
abnormal t.lymphocyte
abnormal toenail
abnormal tongue
abnormal tooth
abnormal total
abnormal trabecular
abnormal tracheal
abnormal trachea
abnormal tracheobronchial
abnormal transfer
abnormal transferrin
abnormal treadmill
abnormal tricuspid
abnormal type
abnormal udp.glucose
abnormal umbilical
abnormal unaided
abnormal upper.limb
abnormal upper
abnormal uridine
abnormal urinary
abnormal urine
abnormal uterus
abnormal u
abnormal vasa
abnormal vascular
abnormal vasculature
abnormal vas
abnormal vein
abnormal vena
abnormal venous
abnormal ventricular
abnormal ventriculo.arterial
abnormal vertebral
abnormal vertical
abnormal vestibular
abnormal vestibulo.ocular
abnormal vestibuloocular
abnormal vision
abnormal visual
abnormal visual.evoked
abnormal vitamin
abnormal vitreous
abnormal vldl
abnormal vocal
abnormal von
abnormal waist
abnormal westergren
abnormal white
abnormal wide
abnormal zinc
abolished vibration
aborted sudden
absence of
absence or
absence seizures
absent 1st
absent 2nd
absent 3rd
absent 4th
absent 5th
absent abdominal
absent achilles
absent adolescent
absent ankle
absent anterior
absent aortic
absent atrioventricular
absent auditory
absent axillary
absent b
absent big
absent birbeck
absent bone
absent bones
absent brainstem
absent bridge
absent calf
absent carpal
absent cartilage
absent cellular
absent central
absent cerebral
absent cervical
absent cone
absent coronary
absent corpus
absent cranial
absent cremasteric
absent cremaster
absent crus
absent cupid.apos.s
absent cutis
absent deep
absent deferent
absent digital
absent distal
absent dorsal
absent ductus
absent ear
absent eccrine
absent end
absent epiphyses
absent epiphysis
absent ethmoidal
absent eustachian
absent external
absent extraocular
absent facial
absent fat
absent femoral
absent fifth
absent finger
absent first
absent forearm
absent fourth
absent foveal
absent frontal
absent glenoid
absent gonadal
absent hallux
absent humeral
absent.hypoplastic corpus
absent.hypoplastic distal
absent.hypoplastic middle
absent.hypoplastic paranasal
absent.hypoplastic terminal
absent.hypoplastic third
absent index
absent inferior
absent inner
absent innermost
absent internal
absent interphalangeal
absent in
absent kidney
absent knee
absent lacrimal
absent left
absent leukocyte
absent lining
absent little
absent long
absent lower
absent lung
absent lymphatic
absent maturation
absent merosin
absent metacarpal
absent metatarsal
absent microvilli
absent middle
absent muscle
absent muscles
absent nail
absent nasal
absent natural
absent neck
absent neutrophil
absent nk
absent ocular
absent of
absent optic
absent or
absent ossification.absence
absent ossification.absent
absent ossification
absent outer
absent outermost
absent palatine
absent palmar
absent palm
absent paranasal
absent patellar
absent pectoralis
absent permanent
absent phalangeal
absent photopic
absent pigmentation
absent pinkie
absent pinky
absent pituitary
absent posterior
absent primary
absent proximal
absent pubertal
absent pubic
absent pulmonary
absent pyramidal
absent renal
absent respiratory
absent retinal
absent rib
absent right
absent ring
absent rod.and
absent scaphoid
absent semicircular
absent septum
absent.shortened dynein
absent.shortened outer
absent shoulder
absent skin
absent.small 1st
absent.small 2nd
absent.small 3rd
absent.small 4th
absent.small 5th
absent.small abdominal
absent.small ankle
absent.small big
absent.small bones
absent.small calf
absent.small cerebral
absent.small cervical
absent.small ear
absent.small end
absent.small external
absent.small fallopian
absent.small foot
absent.small forearm
absent.small hand
absent.small head
absent.small index
absent.small inner
absent.small innermost
absent.small little
absent.small long
absent.small lower
absent.small middle
absent.small muscles
absent.small optic
absent.small outermost
absent.small palm
absent.small pelvis
absent.small pinkie
absent.small pinky
absent.small pubic
absent.small ring
absent.small shoulder
absent.small skeletal
absent.small sweat
absent.small thigh
absent.small thumb
absent.small toe
absent.small upper
absent.small vertebral
absent.small wrist
absent smooth
absent soft
absent specific
absent speech
absent sperm
absent spinal
absent spinous
absent stapes
absent stensen
absent sternal
absent styloid
absent sweat
absent tear
absent tendon
absent terminal
absent the
absent thoracic
absent thymic
absent toenails
absent trapezium
absent trapezoid
absent.underdeveloped 1st
absent.underdeveloped 2nd
absent.underdeveloped 3rd
absent.underdeveloped 4th
absent.underdeveloped 5th
absent.underdeveloped abdominal
absent.underdeveloped ankle
absent.underdeveloped big
absent.underdeveloped bones
absent.underdeveloped calf
absent.underdeveloped central
absent.underdeveloped cerebral
absent.underdeveloped cervical
absent.underdeveloped ear
absent.underdeveloped end
absent.underdeveloped external
absent.underdeveloped fallopian
absent.underdeveloped foot
absent.underdeveloped forearm
absent.underdeveloped hand
absent.underdeveloped head
absent.underdeveloped index
absent.underdeveloped inner
absent.underdeveloped innermost
absent.underdeveloped lacrimal
absent.underdeveloped little
absent.underdeveloped long
absent.underdeveloped lower
absent.underdeveloped middle
absent.underdeveloped muscles
absent.underdeveloped optic
absent.underdeveloped outermost
absent.underdeveloped palm
absent.underdeveloped pelvis
absent.underdeveloped pinkie
absent.underdeveloped pinky
absent.underdeveloped pubic
absent.underdeveloped ring
absent.underdeveloped shoulder
absent.underdeveloped skeletal
absent.underdeveloped sweat
absent.underdeveloped tear
absent.underdeveloped thigh
absent.underdeveloped thorax
absent.underdeveloped thumb
absent.underdeveloped toe
absent.underdeveloped upper
absent.underdeveloped vetebral
absent.underdeveloped wrist
absent upper
absent urinary
absent urine
absent vaginal
absent vas
absent vertebral
absent vestibular
absent vestribular
absolute eccentric
accelerated ankle
accelerated bone
accelerated carpal
accelerated linear
accelerated maturation
accelerated skeletal
accentuated thoracic
accentuation of
accessory carpal
accessory cranial
accessory ectopic
accessory fallopian
accessory index
accessory oral
accessory phalanx
accessory proximal
accumulation in
accumulation of
acellular urinary
acetylcholine receptor
achalasia of
achilles tendon
achromatic retinal
acid base
acid.labile subunit
acid phosphatase
acid reflux
a condition
a contained
acquired abnormal
acral lentiginous
acral ulceration
acromelia of
acro.osteolysis of
acroosteolysis of
acth deficient
acth.producing pituitary
acth receptor
activated protein
activating thyroid.stimulating
activating tshr
acute aspiration
acute biphenotypic
acute demyelinating
acute disseminated
acute emergence
acute episodes
acute esophageal
acute fatty
acute hepatic
acute infantile
acute infectious
acute kidney
acute liver
acute lymphatic
acute lymphoblastic
acute lymphocytic
acute lymphoid
acute megakaryocytic
acute middle
acute monoblastic
acute monocytic
acute myeloblastic
acute myelocytic
acute myelogenous
acute myeloid
acute myelomonocytic
acute necrotizing
acute otitis
acute pancreatic
acute promyelocytic
acute renal
acute respiratory
acute severe
acute tubular
acute tubulointerstitial
additional crus
adductor longus
adenocarcinoma of
adenoids small
adenoma of
adenomatous colonic
adenomatous polyposis
adhesion of
adie.apos.s tonic
adipose tissue
adrenal gland
adrenal medullary
adrenocorticotropic hormone
adrenocorticotropic hormone.resistant
adrenocorticotropin deficient
adrenocorticotropin receptor
adult.onset night
adult onset
advanced bone
advanced carpal
advanced dental
advanced eruption
advanced maturation
advanced ossification
advanced pneumatization
advanced tarsal
advanced tooth
afro.textured scalp
against the
aganglionosis of
age dependent
aged facial
aged leonine
ageneis of
agenesis.hypoplastic corpus
agenesis of
age of
age.related cortical
age.related macular
age.related nuclear
age.related posterior
aggravated by
aggressive papillary
agyrophilic inclusion
ala nasi.
alar cartilage
alarm clock
aldehyde oxidase
alkaline phosphatase
almond shaped
almond.shaped opening
almond.shaped palpebral
alopecia of
alpha fetoprotein
alternating cross
alternating radiolucent
altitudinal visual
altman type
alveolar bone
alveolar cell
alveolar process
alveolar ridge
alveolar soft
ambiguous atrioventricular
ambiguous external
ambiguous genitalia
ambiguous genitalia.
amelia involving
ameliorated by
amine precursor
amino acid
aminoglycoside.induced hearing
amniotic constriction
ampulla of
amyloid deposition
amyloidosis of
amyotrophic lateral
amyotrophy involving
amyotrophy of
anaemia due
anal canal
anal margin
anal mucosal
anaplastic carcinoma
anaplastic large.cell
anaplastic thyroid
anemia corrected
anemia due
anemia of
aneurysmal bone
aneurysm of
angel.shaped epiphysis
angioblastoma of
angioectasia of
angioectasias of
angioid streaks
angioid streaks.
angiokeratoma corporis
angle closure
angulated forearm
angulated long
anhidrotic ectodermal
an increase
ankyloblepharon filiforme
ankylosis of
annular cutaneous
anomalous branches
anomalous carpal
anomalous coronary
anomalous insertion
anomalous left
anomalous liver
anomalous muscle
anomalous origin
anomalous pulmonary
anomalous rib
anomalous splenoportal
anomalous tracheal
anomaly of
anonychia of
an opening
antegonial notching
antenatal intracerebral
anterior and
anterior atlanto.occipital
anterior basal
anterior beaking
anterior bowing
anterior bulging
anterior cerebral
anterior cervical
anterior chamber
anterior clefting
anterior concavity
anterior cortical
anterior creases
anterior cupping
anterior diastema
anterior dislocation
anterior displacement
anterior flaring
anterior flat
anterior fontanelle
anterior horn
anterior.lateral radial
anteriorly concave
anteriorly displaced
anteriorly placed
anteriorly splayed
anterior open
anterior open.bite
anterior pituitary
anterior polar
anterior position
anterior pyramidal
anterior radial
anterior rib
anterior rounding
anterior sacral
anterior scalloping
anterior segment
anterior subcapsular
anterior synechiae
anterior tibial
anterior tongue.like
anterior vertebral
anterior wedging
anterolateral radial
anteroposteriorly shortened
anti.centromere antibody
anticentromere antibody
antidromic atrioventricular
anti.gad antibody
anti.ganglioside gm1
antigen.specific t
anti.glutamic acid
anti.gm.csf antibody
anti.granocyte.macrophage colony
antihelix. inferior
antihelix. stem.
anti.liver cytosol
anti.liver cytosolic
antimitochondrial antibody
anti.mitochondrial m2
antimongoloid eye
antimongoloid slanted
antimongoloid slant
anti.multiple nuclear
antineutrophil antibody
antinuclear antibody
antiphospholipid antibody
anti.pituitary antibody
anti.smooth muscle
anti.thrombin iii
antithrombin iii
anti.thyroid peroxidase
aortic arch
aortic root
aortic sinus
aortic valve
aortopulmonary collateral
aphalangia of
aphalangy. hands
aphalangy of
apical hypertrabeculation
apically displaced
apical muscular
aplasia cutis
aplasia.hypoplasia affecting
aplasia.hypoplasia involving
aplasia.hypoplasia of
aplasia.hypoplastia of
aplasia involving
aplasia of
aplastic carpal
aplastic.hypoplastic distal
aplastic.hypoplastic lacrimal
aplastic.hypoplastic middle
aplastic.hypoplastic nasopharyngeal
aplastic.hypoplastic phalanges
aplastic.hypoplastic toe
aplastic nasopharyngeal
aplastic optic
aplastic or
aplastic pubic
apneic episodes
.apos.cigarette paper
.apos.curvilinear profiles.apos.
.apos.de toni.fanconi.debre.apos.
.apos.fingerprint profiles.apos.
.apos.molar tooth.apos.
.apos.molar tooth
.apos.onion bulb.apos.
.apos.rimmed.apos. vacuoles
.apos.rimmed vacuoles.apos.
.apos.sea blue.apos.
appendiceal mucinous
apraxia of
aqueduct of
arachnocytosis of
archibald.apos.s metacarpal
areas of
areflexia in
areflexia. lower
areflexia of
argyrophilic inclusion
arm and.or
arnold chiari
arnold.chiari type
arterial cystic
arterial disease
arterial fibromuscular
arterial intimal
arterial tortuosity.
arteriosclerosis of
arteriovenous fistulas
arteriovenous malformation
arthralgia of
arthritis of
arthrogryposis.like hand
arthrogryposis multiplex
ascending aortic
ascending tubular
aseptic bone
aseptic epiphyseal
aspergillus infections.
asymmetric abdominal
asymmetrical distribution
asymmetric crying
asymmetric leg
asymmetric limb
asymmetric. linear
asymmetric lower
asymmetric peripheral
asymmetric philtral
asymmetric pupil
asymmetric radial
asymmetric septal
asymmetric short
asymmetric upper
asymmetry of
ataxia of
atelectasis of
atherosclerosis of
atherosclerotic cardiovascular
atherosclerotic changes
athetoid cerebral
atopic dermatitis.
atresia of
atretic auditory
atretic external
atretic lacrimal
atretic occipital
atretic transverse
atretic vas
atrial ectopic
atrial fibrillation.
atrial premature
atrial reentry
atrial septal
atrial septum
atrial situs
atria septal
atrichia of
atrioventricular canal
atrioventricular nodal
atrioventricular reentrant
atrioventricular re.entry
atrioventricular septal
atrophic and
atrophic corpus
atrophic muscularis
atrophic. patchy
atrophic superior
atrophied masseter
atrophy.degeneration affecting
atrophy.degeneration involving
atrophy.degeneration of
atrophy.hypoplasia of
atrophy of
attachment of
attention deficit
attention deficit.hyperactivity
attenuation of
a type
atypical absence
atypical nevi
atypical or
atypical petit
atypical pulmonary
atypical scarring
auditory canal
auras associated
autism spectrum
autism with
autoamputation of
autoimmune antibody
autoimmune haemolytic
autoimmune hemolytic
automatic atrial
autonomic bladder
autonomic erectile
autonomic nervous
autonomic visceral
autosomal dominant
autosomal recessive
avascular necrosis
av nodal
axial malrotation
axial muscle
axillary and
axillary apocrine
axillary epidermoid
axonal peripheral
axonal sensory
axon degeneration
bacteria in
bacterial cell
bacterial infection
bacterial infections.
b acute
balanced double
band.shaped corneal
bartholin gland
basal cell
basal ganglia
basal ganglion
basalioma of
basal lamina
basic .constant.
basilar artery
b cell
beaded vitreous
beaked vertebral
beaking of
bear track
beaten.bronze macular
beaten bronze
beaten metal
bence jones
bending of
benign gastrointestinal
benign genitourinary
benign muscle
benign neoplasm
benign neoplasm.
benign prostatic
benign uterine
best corrected
beta.galactosidase deficiency
beta wave
biber haab
bicarbonate.wasting renal
biconcave .apos.codfish.apos.
biconcave flattened
biconcave vertebral
biconvex vertebral
bicuspid aortic
bicuspid pulmonary
bidirectional ventricular
bifid distal
bifid first
bifid nasal
bifid palatine
bifid proximal
bifid terminal
bifid thoracic
bifid thumb
bifid tip
bifid xiphoid
big cranium
big foramen
big lower
big sella
big skull
big upper
bilateral absence
bilateral acoustic
bilateral alveolar
bilateral basal
bilateral basilar
bilateral blockage
bilateral breast
bilateral choanal
bilateral cleft
bilateral conductive
bilateral congenital
bilateral convulsive
bilateral coronal
bilateral coxa
bilateral cystic
bilateral digitalized
bilateral ductus
bilateral elbow
bilateral external
bilateral facial
bilateral fetal
bilateral fifth
bilateral fourth
bilateral intracranial
bilateral kidney
bilateral lambdoid
bilateral lung
bilateral multifocal
bilateral nerve
bilateral obstruction
bilateral postaxial
bilateral progressive
bilateral pulmonary
bilateral radial
bilateral renal
bilateral retinal
bilateral sensorineural
bilateral single
bilateral superior
bilateral talipes
bilateral trilobed
bilateral triphalangeal
bilateral ulnar
bilateral vertebral
bilateral vestibular
bilateral vocal
bilateral wrist
bile duct
biliary atresia.
biliary duct
biliary epithelial
biliary tract
binge and
biopsy shows
biphenotypic acute
bipolar affective
bird.like facial
birdshot choroidal
birth defect
birth length
birth weight
birthweight .gt.
bitemporal forceps
bitemporal skull
bitot spots
biventricular heart
biventricular noncompaction
black lung
black pigment
blebs of
bleeding below
bleeding from
bleeding occuring
bleeding requiring
bleeding within
bleeding with
blindness present
blind spot
blisters of
blockage of
blocked eustachian
blocked retinal
blood circulation
blood clot
blood coagulation
blood group
blood in
blood platelet
blood protein
bloodstream infectious
blood vessel
bloody bowel
bloody mucoid
blotching pigmentation
blotchy loss
blue cone
blue yellow
blue.yellow color
body temperature
bone corpuscle
bone fusion
bone.in.a.bone appearance
bone loss
bone marrow
bone.marrow foam
bone spicule
bony carotid
bony paranasal
bony spikule
borderline personality
born with
bossing of
both sided
bowed and
bowed calf
bowed forearm
bowed limbs
bowed long
bowed lower
bowing of
boxer.apos.s nasal
boxer.apos.s nose
boxer.like facial
brachial plexus
brachydactyly of
brachydactyly type
brachymesophalangy of
bracket.epiphyses of
bracket epiphyses
bracket epiphysis
bracket metacarpal
bracket proximal
bracket shaped
brain copper
brain iron
brain stem
brain very
branchial cleft
breech presentation
bridged palmar
bridged palm
bridged sella
brisk deep
brisk knee
brisk lower
brittle scalp
broad 1st
broad 2nd
broad 3rd
broad 4th
broad 5th
broad alveolar
broad. arched
broad based
broad base
broad big
broad bone
broad bones
broad carpal
broad cortex
broad cranial
broad diaphyses
broad distal
broad dorsum
broad end
broadened nasal
broadening of
broad epiphyseal
broad epiphyses
broad femoral
broad first
broad flat
broad forearm
broad great
broad growth
broad hallux
broad hamate
broad humeral
broad inferior
broad innermost
broad late
broad lateral
broad little
broad long
broad lower
broad metacarpal
broad middle
broad nasal
broad opening
broad outermost
broad palpebral
broad phalanges
broad phalanx
broad pinkie
broad pinky
broad proximal
broad radial
broad radioulnar
broad secondary
broad septum
broad shaft
broad. square
broad terminal
broad tibial
broad tip
broad ulnar
broad upturned
broad. upturned
broad wide
broad xiphoid
broken hand
bronchial cartilage
bronchiolitis obliterans
brown pigment
buccal aphthous
bucket handle
bulbar muscle
bulbar urethral
bulbous internal
bulbous nasal
bulbous tips
bulging end
bulging of
bullae of
bull.apos.s eye
bullet.shaped 1st
bullet.shaped 2nd
bullet.shaped 3rd
bullet.shaped 4th
bullet.shaped 5th
bullet.shaped bone
bullet.shaped bones
bullet.shaped distal
bullet.shaped hallux
bullet.shaped hand
bullet.shaped index
bullet.shaped innermost
bullet.shaped little
bullet.shaped middle
bullet.shaped of
bullet.shaped outermost
bullet.shaped phalanges
bullet.shaped pinkie
bullet.shaped pinky
bullet.shaped proximal
bullet.shaped thumb
bullet.shaped toe
bullet vertebral
bullous congenital
bundle branch
buried teeth
butterfly facial
butterfly vertebral
c1.c2 vertebral
c3 nephritic
cafe au
calcaneal epiphyseal
calcification of
calcifications of
calcific band
calcific stippling
calcified amorphous
calcified choroid
calcified ovarian
calcium channel
calcium kidney
calcium oxalate
calcium phosphate
calf muscle
calvarial skull
camptodactyly of
cancer of
candida overgrowth
canted lower
canted upper
capillary malformation
cardiac conduction
cardiac rhythm
cardiac total
cardiac valve
cardiomyocyte inclusion
cardiomyocyte mitochondrial
cardiomyopathy. esp.
cardiomyopathy. right
cariosity of
carnitine levels
carotid artery
carotid body
carotid cavernous
carotid sinus
carpal and
carpal bone
carpal delayed
carpal tunnel
cartilaginous nasal
cartilaginous ossification
cataracta pulverulenta
cataracts. congenital.
cataracts. cortical
cataracts. lenticular.
cataracts. posterior.
catecholamine levels
caudal interpedicular
caudal narrowing
cauliflower deformity
caved in
cavernous hemangioma
cavitation of
cavum septum
cd43 defectively
cd4 t
cd4. t.cell
cd8. t.cell
celiac artery
celiac axis
cellular immune
cellular urinary
cellulitis of
central adrenal
central blurring
central cleft
central core
central corneal
central defect
central diabetes
central diaphragmatic
central fundal
central hand
centralized sarcomeric
centrally nucleated
central nail
central nasal
central nervous
central opacification
central polydactyly
central posterior
central primitive
central pulverulent
central retinal
central retinitis
central serous
central sinus
central sleep
central vertebral
central visual
central y.shaped
centrilobular groundglass
centrilobular ground.glass
cerebellar ataxia
cerebellar ataxia.
cerebellar cortex
cerebellar cortical
cerebellar granular
cerebellar hemisphere
cerebellar purkinje
cerebellar vermal
cerebellar vermis
cerebellopontine angle
cerebral amyloid
cerebral arteriovenous
cerebral artery
cerebral atrophy.
cerebral av
cerebral berry
cerebral calcification.
cerebral colloid
cerebral cortex
cerebral cortical
cerebral cystic
cerebral folate
cerebral gyral
cerebral hyaline
cerebral inclusion
cerebral saccular
cerebral vascular
cerebral vein
cerebral venous
cerebral ventricular
cerebral visual
cerebral white
cerebrospinal fluid
cervical aortic
cervical c2.c3
cervical c3.c4
cervical c5.c6
cervical clear
cervical cord
cervical ectopia
cervical segmentation
cervical spina
cervical spinal
cervical spine
cervical vertebrae
cervical vertebral
cessation of
chaotic atrial
chaotic multifocal
chaotic rapid
cheiloschisis of
cherry red
chess.pawn distal
chess.pawn shaped
chevron.shaped distal
chiari i
childhood attention
childhood onset
childhood.onset short.trunk
childhood.onset truncal
chin. h.shaped
chin skin
chin. vertical
chin with
cholestatic liver
chondritis of
chondroitin sulfate
choroidal vascular
choroid plexus
christman tree
chromosomal breakage
chronic active
chronic atrial
chronic atrophic
chronic axonal
chronic calcifying
chronic candidiasis
chronic consumption
chronic csf
chronic disseminated
chronic ear
chronic extreme
chronic heart
chronic hemolytic
chronic hepatic
chronic hepatitis
chronic idiopathic
chronic infections
chronic intestinal
chronic irritative
chronic kidney
chronic lactic
chronic liver
chronic lung
chronic lymphatic
chronic lymphocytic
chronic metabolic
chronic middle
chronic monilial
chronic mucocutaneous
chronic myelocytic
chronic myelogenous
chronic myeloid
chronic myelomonocytic
chronic nasal
chronic noninfectious
chronic obstructive
chronic oral
chronic otitis
chronic pancreas
chronic progressive
chronic recurrent
chronic renal
chronic respiratory
chronic rhinitis
chronic sensorineural
chronic sinopulmonary
chronic sinus
chronic spontaneous
chronic sural
chronic tubulointerstitial
chylolymphatic mesenteric
cigarette paper
ciliary body
ciliary trichomegaly
ciliary zonule
circulating immune
class iii
class ii
class i
claw hand
clay colored
clear cell
cleft ala
cleft anterior
cleft at
cleft bony
cleft hard
cleft in
cleft lower
cleft muscular
cleft nasal
cleft of
cleft primary
cleft roof
cleft secondary
cleft soft
cleft tip
cleft upper
cleft vertebral
clinical anophthalmia.
clinically silent
clinodactyly of
closely spaced
clouding of
clubbing of
club foot
club.shaped distal
club.shaped innermost
club.shaped outermost
club.shaped proximal
clumping of
clumsy tandem
cluster headache
clusters of
coalescence of
coaractation of
coarctation in
coarctation of
coarse facial
coarse hair
coarse humeral
coarsened hepatic
coat hanger
cogan eyelid
cogan lid
cognitive decline.
cold.induced hand
cold.induced muscle
collateral biliary
colloid bodies
coloboma of
colonic arteriovenous
colorblindness. partial.
color vision
columella extends
columella. high
columella. low
coma caused
combined cystic
combined hamartoma
comma.shaped carpal
commissural labial
commissural lip
common arterial
common atrioventricular
common brachiocephalic
common carotid
common origin
compact spinal
compensated disseminated
compensated hemolytic
compensatory chin
compensatory face
compensatory head
complement component
complete agenesis
complete atrioventricular
complete breech
complete common
complete congenital
complete cutaneous
complete diaphragmatic
complete duplication
complete heart
complete left
completely missing
complete or
complete.partial duplication
complete right
complex febrile
complex focal
complex organic
complex palmar
complex partial
compulsive skin
conal ventricular
concave bridge
concave dorsum
concave nasal
concentric hypertrophic
concentric narrowing
concha. extra
concrete spinal
conductive hearing
coned epiphyses
cone dysfunction
cone rod
cone.rod retinal
cone.shaped capital
cone.shaped distal
cone.shaped end
cone.shaped epiphyses
cone.shaped epiphysis
cone shaped
cone.shaped metacarpal
cone.shaped phalangeal
cone.shaped terminal
cone.shaped thumb
confetti hypopigmentation
confetti.like hypopigmented
confluent hyperintensity
confluent hypointensity
congenital abnormal
congenital absence
congenital adrenal
congenital alopecia
congenital anterior
congenital atrioventricular
congenital bilateral
congenital bone
congenital bronchial
congenital bullous
congenital cataracts.
congenital cerebellar
congenital cervical
congenital conductive
congenital corneal
congenital craniofacial
congenital curved
congenital cystic
congenital decreased
congenital defect
congenital dermal
congenital diaphragmatic
congenital dislocation
congenital drooping
congenital dyserythropoietic
congenital earlobe
congenital elevation
congenital exfoliative
congenital extraocular
congenital facial
congenital fibrosis
congenital finger
congenital foot
congenital generalized
congenital. generalized
congenital giant
congenital haemolytic
congenital hearing
congenital heart
congenital hemolytic
congenital hepatic
congenital hip
congenital horizontal
congenital horner
congenital hypertrophy
congenital hypoplastic
congenital ichthyosiform
congenital intracerebral
congenital joint
congenital knee
congenital lactic
congenital lamellar
congenital large
congenital laryngeal
congenital localized
congenitally corrected
congenital malformation
congenital melanosis
congenital mesoblastic
congenital mitral
congenital muscular
congenital nephrotic
congenital neurosensory
congenital night
congenital nonbullous
congenital non.bullous
congenital nuclear
congenital palmoplantar
congenital panfollicular
congenital partial
congenital perceptive
congenital peripheral
congenital portosystemic
congenital posterior
congenital pseudoarthrosis
congenital pyloric
congenital radial
congenital retinal
congenital sensorineural
congenital shortened
congenital small
congenital stapes
congenital stationary
congenital symmetrical
congenital talipes
congenital. upward
congenital vertical
congenital vetricular
congenital visual
congestive heart
congruous heteronymous
congruous homonymous
conical bullet.shaped
conical deciduous
conical mandibular
conical maxillary
conical phalangeal
conical primary
conjunctival cicatricial
conjunctival vascular
conjunctival whitish
connective tissue
conoid mandibular
conoid maxillary
conoid primary
conoid upper
conotruncal heart
conoventricular ventricular
conspicious happy
conspicuously happy
constant esotropia
constricted. bell.shaped
constricted helix
constricted iliac
constricted radial
constricted retinal
constricted visual
constriction of
constrictive median
contiguous gene
continuous heart
continuous spike
contracture of
contractures involving
contractures. lower
contractures of
convergence excess
convex bridge
convex contour
convex dorsum
convex nasal
coombs.positive hemolytic
copper accumulation
corneal endothelial
corneal erosions.
corneal keratic
corneal stromal
corner fracture
corner fragments
corners of
coronal cleft
coronal suture
coronal vertebral
coronary arterial
coronary arteriovenous
coronary artery
coronary cameral
coronary ostial
coronary.pulmonary artery
coronary sinus
corpus callosum
corpus cavernosum
cortical adrenal
cortical.cerebral visual
cortical diaphyseal
cortical gyral
cortical irregularity
cortically dense
cortical pulverulent
cortical subperiosteal
cortical thickening
cortical thinning
cortical visual
cortical white
corticomedullary renal
corticospinal tract
corticotropin.releasing hormone
corticotropin.secreting pituitary
cor triatriatum
cor triatrium
costal cartilage
costochondral joint
costochondral juctions
costochondral junction
cotton wool
coughing up
cow milk
coxa valga
cramping of
cranial nerve
cranial suture
cranial vault
craniosynostosis of
craniosynostosis. sagittal
cranium bifidum
cranium stopped
crazy paving
crease in
creatine metabolism
creatinine levels
crescent.chevron.shaped pulp
crh deficient
cri de
criss.cross atrioventricular
crooked front
crooked lower
crooked nasal
crooked septum
crooked tip
crossed asymmetry
crossed fused
cross.eyed present
cross.fusion of
crowded carpal
crowded maxillary
crowded upper
crumpled long
crus of
crusting erythematous
cryoprecipitable immune
cryptogenic organizing
crystalline corneal
csf albumin
csf lymphocytic
csf polymorphonuclear
cuboid.shaped thoracolumbar
cuboid.shaped vertebral
cuboid vertebral
cupid.apos.s bow.
cupid.bow shaped
cupid bow
cupped metaphyses
cupped metaphysis
cupped radial
cupped ulnar
cupped wide
cupping of
curve bones
curved 1st
curved 2nd
curved 3rd
curved 4th
curved 5th
curved bones
curved distal
curved hallux
curved hand
curved index
curved innermost
curved linear
curved little
curved middle
curved outermost
curved phalanges
curved pinkie
curved pinky
curved proximal
curved ring
curved terminal
curved thumb
curved toe
curvilinear intracellular
curvilinear profiles
cutaneous 2.3
cutaneous atresia
cutaneous finger
cutaneous sclerotic
cutaneous stenosis
cutaneous syndactyly
cutaneous t.cell
cutis gyrata
cutis marmorata
cutis verticis
cylindrical shaped
cystic abnormalities
cystic adenomatoid
cystic angiomatosis
cystic artery
cystic hygroma
cystic kidney
cystic lesions
cystic liver
cystic lung
cystic macular
cystic medial
cystic pattern
cystic renal
cystic retinal
cystitis of
cyst of
cystoid macular
cyst on
cytochrome c
cytokine signaling
dagger.shaped pulp
dagger shaped
damaged optic
dappled metaphyseal
dark circles
darkened and
darkening around
darkening of
dark spot
dark yellow
darwin notch
darwin tubercle
deafness in
deafness. sensorineural.
death in
death of
deceleration of
deciduous teeth
decreased ability
decreased.absent ankle
decreased.absent deep
decreased achilles
decreased acrosin
decreased activities
decreased activity
decreased adiponectin
decreased adipose
decreased aldosterone
decreased amount
decreased amplitude
decreased amplitudes
decreased anterioposterior
decreased antibody
decreased antimullerian
decreased antithrombin
decreased apo.ai
decreased apoa.i
decreased apolipoprotein
decreased arden
decreased attenuation
decreased basophil
decreased beta
decreased beta.galactosidase
decreased beta.glucocerebrosidase
decreased biotinidase
decreased blink
decreased blood
decreased body
decreased bone
decreased bowel
decreased breadth
decreased calcification
decreased calvarial
decreased carnitine
decreased carpal
decreased cd25
decreased cd69
decreased central
decreased cerebrospinal
decreased cervical
decreased circulating
decreased circumference
decreased corneal
decreased cortisol
decreased cranial
decreased csf
decreased csf.serum
decreased deep
decreased depth
decreased diffusing
decreased distal
decreased distance
decreased elbow
decreased electroretinogram
decreased enamel
decreased eosinophil
decreased erg
decreased erythrocyte
decreased facial
decreased factor
decreased fat
decreased female
decreased femoral
decreased fertility
decreased fetal
decreased fibular
decreased finger
decreased fucosylation
decreased fumarate
decreased function
decreased fundus
decreased g6pd
decreased galactosylation
decreased gamma.globin
decreased genital
decreased glomerular
decreased glucagon
decreased glucose.6.phosphate
decreased glucose
decreased glucosephosphate
decreased hdl
decreased head
decreased heart
decreased height
decreased hepatic
decreased hepcidin
decreased hip
decreased horizontal
decreased igg
decreased igm
decreased immune
decreased immunoglobulin
decreased incisura
decreased inflammatory
decreased inhibin
decreased interpupillary
decreased intestinal
decreased intracranial
decreased joint
decreased knee
decreased ldl
decreased lecithin
decreased length
decreased level
decreased levels
decreased light.
decreased lipoprotein
decreased liver
decreased lower
decreased lung
decreased lymphocyte
decreased male
decreased mannosylation
decreased mean
decreased methionine
decreased methylmalonyl
decreased methylmalonyl.coa
decreased mineralization
decreased miniature
decreased mitochondrial
decreased mobility
decreased motor
decreased movement
decreased muscle
decreased nasal
decreased nerve
decreased number
decreased numbers
decreased or
decreased orbital
decreased osteoclast
decreased pain
decreased palatal
decreased palmar
decreased patellar
decreased pineal
decreased plasma
decreased platelet
decreased prealbumin
decreased projection
decreased proportion
decreased pulmonary
decreased purine
decreased pyruvate
decreased qrs
decreased range
decreased reactivity
decreased renal
decreased respiratory
decreased resting
decreased retinol.binding
decreased rib
decreased scrotal
decreased sensation
decreased sensitivity
decreased sensory
decreased serum
decreased sexual
decreased sialylation
decreased size
decreased skeletal
decreased skull
decreased small
decreased smell
decreased space
decreased spontaneous
decreased strength
decreased subcutaneous
decreased superoxide
decreased superoxide.superoxide
decreased sweat
decreased sweating
decreased t3.t4
decreased taste
decreased t
decreased t.cell
decreased tear
decreased tendon
decreased testicular
decreased testosterone
decreased thalamic
decreased thymic
decreased thyroid.stimulating
decreased t.lymphocyte
decreased to
decreased tooth
decreased total
decreased touch
decreased transferrin
decreased transverse
decreased tubular
decreased udp.glucose
decreased upper
decreased uridine
decreased urinary
decreased urine
decreased vertical
decreased vibration
decreased vibratory
decreased visual
decreased vital
decreased vldl
decreased volume
decreased von
decreased waist.hip
decreased waist
decreased waist.to.hip
decreased width
decrease in
decreasing lumbar
deep antegonial
deep anterior
deep central
deep cerebral
deep dermal
deep episcleral
deep laugh
deep longitudinal
deeply set
deep median
deep nasolabial
deep palmar
deep palm
deep perivascular
deep plantar
deep set
deep smile
deep tendon
deep vein
deep venous
deep white
defect in
defective b
defective cellular
defective dehydrogenation
defective dna
defective humoral
defective interstrand
defective lung
defective lymphocyte
defective or
defective platelet
defective production
defective t
defect of
deficiency of
deficiency or
deficient area
deficient excision
deficient in
deficient maturation
deficient n.acetylglucosaminyltransferase
deficient nasal
deficient ossification
deficient platelet
deficient skull
deficit in
deformational frontal
deformational posterior
deformed ankle
deformed external
deformed forearm
deformed head
deformed humeral
deformed long
deformed rib
deformed sella
deformed tarsal
deformity of
degeneration of
degenerative disc
degenerative enteric
degenerative intervertebral
degenerative joint
degenerative liver
delayed ability
delayed ankle
delayed bone
delayed calcaneal
delayed canalization
delayed carpal
delayed closure
delayed cns
delayed coalescence
delayed cognitive
delayed cranial
delayed dental
delayed developmental
delayed early
delayed elbow
delayed epiphyseal
delayed eruption
delayed femoral
delayed fine
delayed fontanel
delayed fontanelle
delayed fusion
delayed gastric
delayed gross
delayed heel
delayed humeral
delayed intellectual
delayed language
delayed loss
delayed maturation.delayed
delayed maturation
delayed mineralization
delayed motor
delayed nerve
delayed onset
delayed opacification
delayed ossification
delayed oxidation
delayed patellae
delayed patellar
delayed peripheral
delayed permanent
delayed phalangeal
delayed pneumatization
delayed primary
delayed proximal
delayed psychomotor
delayed pubertal
delayed pubic
delayed recoil
delayed relaxation
delayed self.feeding
delayed skeletal
delayed social
delayed speech
delayed start
delayed talus
delayed tarsal
delayed teeth
delayed thromboplastin
delayed tooth
delayed upper
delayed vertebral
delay in
delay maturation.delayed
delivery by
delta phalanx.delta.like
delta.shaped epiphyses
delta.shaped epiphysis
deltoid muscle
de morsier
demyelinating motor
demyelinating peripheral
demyelinating sensory
demyelination in
dendritic corneal
denervation of
dense bone
dense calcifications
dense deposit
dense metaphyseal
dense posterior
dense skull
dense spinal
dens in
dental enamel
dentinogenesis imperfecta
dependency on
depigmentation.hyperpigmentation of
depleted blood
depletion of
deposits immunoreactive
depressed antibody
depressed bridge
depressed dorsum
depressed malar
depressed nasal
depressed supraorbital
depressed tendon
depressed tip
depression of
dermatan sulfate
dermatoglyphic ridges
dermatological manifestations
dermolipoma of
descemet membrane
descending aortic
descending thoracic
desquamation of
desquamative interstitial
detachment of
detailed epiphyseal
detrusor sphincter
developmental delay.
developmental delay
developmental stagnation
developmental venous
deviated index
deviated middle
deviated nasal
deviated septum
deviated tip
deviation of
dexamethasone.suppresible primary
dextroposition of
dextrotransposition of
diabetes mellitus.
diabetes mellitus
diagonal earlobe
diaphyseal abnormality
diaphyseal bowing
diaphyseal cortical
diaphyseal sclerosis
diastasis of
diastema of
diastolic heart
diet.resistant subcutaneous
different colored
difficulties in
difficulties with
difficult to
difficulty adjusting
difficulty articulating
difficulty climbing
difficulty finding
difficulty getting
difficulty in
difficulty opening
difficulty seeing
difficulty walking
difficulty with
diffuse alveolar
diffuse axonal
diffuse brain
diffuse cerebellar
diffuse cerebral
diffuse demyelination
diffuse glomerular
diffuse hepatic
diffuse lamellation
diffusely thickened
diffuse mesangial
diffuse muscle
diffuse nuclear
diffuse optic
diffuse palmoplantar
diffuse pancreatic
diffuse peripheral
diffuse reticular
diffuse skeletal
diffuse skin
diffuse slow
diffuse spongiform
diffuse swelling
diffuse. symmetrical
diffuse villous
diffuse white
digestive system
digital constriction
digital fibrous
digital flexor
digitalization of
digital pitting
dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase
dilatated internal
dilatation of
dilated cerebral
dilated choroidal
dilated cochlear
dilated fourth
dilated heart
dilated left
dilated right
dilated semicircular
dilated superficial
dilated third
dilated vestibular
dilated vestibule
dilated virchow.robin
dilation of
diminished deep
diminished diaphragmatic
diminished or
diminished vibratory
dimpled tip
dimple on
direct coombs
disciform macular
disc.like vertebral
discoid lupus
discolored. acholic
discolored lateral
disconjugate eye
discontinuous ascending
discordant atrioventricular
discordant connection
discrete 2
discrete calcific
discrete intestinal
disease of
disharmonic maturation
disharmonious carpal
disharmonious wrist
disintegration of
dislocated arm
dislocated elbows
dislocated femoral
dislocated head
dislocated hip
dislocated knee
dislocated leg
dislocated radial
dislocated radioulnar
dislocation of
dislocations of
disorder of
disorganization of
displaced hand
displaced index
displaced little
displaced pinkie
displaced pinky
displacement of
disproportionately large
disproportionately long
disproportionately short
disproportionately small
disproportionate prominence
disproportionate shortening
disproportionate short
disproportionate short.limb
disproportionate short.trunked
disproportionate short.trunk
disproportionate tall
disrupted ocular
disseminated bacillus
disseminated cryptosporidium
disseminated infection
disseminated intravascular
disseminated viral
dissociated horizontal
dissociated sensory
dissociated vertical
distal amyotrophy.
distal femoral
distal finger
distal foot
distal humeral
distal ileal
distal intestinal
distal limb
distal lower
distally placed
distally tapering
distal.middle symphalangism
distal motor
distal muscle
distal muscular
distal peripheral
distal phalangeal
distal radial
distal renal
distal sensation
distal sensory
distal shortening
distal symphalangism
distal tapering
distal tibial
distal ulnar
distal upper
distal urethral
distal vibratory
distal widening
distichiasis of
distorted red
distortion of
distributed along
disturbance of
disturbances of
diverticula of
diverticulosis of
diverticulum of
d.loop transposition
dohle.like leukocyte
doll.like facial
dorsal column
dorsal rib
dorsal subluxation
dorsocervical fat
dorv with
dot.and.blot retinal
double 1st
double aortic
double calcaneal
double collecting
double crown
double depressor
double elevator
double first
double inlet
double jointed
double orifice
double outlet
double.outlet right
double thumb
double upper
double urinary
doubly committed
down.slanted palpebral
downslanted palpebral
down.slanting palpebral
downslanting palpebral
down slanting
downturned corners
downturned oral
downward slanted
downward slanting
downward.slanting palpebral
drooping lower
drooping nasal
drooping of
drooping upper
droopy eyelid
dropping of
drug induced
drug.sensitive hemolytic
drumstick shaped
drumstick terminal
dry eye
dry mouth
ductal carcinoma
dull burning
dull facial
dull foveal
dumbbell.shaped long
dumbbell shaped
dumbbell widening
duodenal arteriovenous
duodenal villous
duplex collecting
duplicated 1st
duplicated calf
duplicated collecting
duplicated first
duplicated odontoid
duplicated pancreatic
duplicated renal
duplicated sella
duplicated terminal
duplicated toe
duplicate sella
duplication involving
duplication of
dwarfism. neonatal
dwarfism. short
dynein arm
dyschromatopsia with
dysfunctional alternative
dysfunction of
dysgenesis of
dysharmonic accelerated
dysharmonic bone
dysharmonic delayed
dysharmonic maturation
dysharmonic ossification
dysharmonic skeletal
dyskinetic cerebral
dysmetric eye
dysmorphic facial
dysmorphic frontal
dysmorphic inferior
dysmyelination of
dysplasia of
dysplastic adrenal
dysplastic aortic
dysplastic corpus
dysplastic distal
dysplastic femoral
dysplastic gangliocytoma
dysplastic iliac
dysplastic or
dysplastic pulmonary
dysplastic tricuspid
dystonia musculorum
dystopic os
dystrophic thickened
dystrophic toenail
ear cartilage
ear. grade
early and
early bone
early closure
early cutaneous
early dental
early eruption
early fusion
early loss
early onset
early ossification
early progressive
early severe
early sleep
early spermatogenesis
early tooth
ear. posterior
ears rotated
easily subluxated
ebstein.apos.s anomaly
eburnated epiphyses
eburnation of
eccentric visual
eccrine syringofibroadenomatous
echogenic fetal
echogenic intracardiac
eclabium of
e coli
ectopia of
ectopic accesory
ectopic accessory
ectopic adrenal
ectopic anterior
ectopic atrial
ectopic bone
ectopic cilia
ectopic kidney
ectopic lacrimal
ectopic ossification
ectopic pancreatic
ectopic posterior
ectopic respiratory
ectopic supraventricular
ectopic thymus
ectrodactyly of
ectropion of
eczema around
edema of
eeg. focal
eeg. generalised
eeg. generalized
eeg. localised
eeg. localized
eeg. periodic
eeg. persistent
eeg. spike
eeg with
effort.induced polymorphic
ekg j
ekg. t.wave
elbow flexion
elbow limited
electrocardiographic long
electrocardiographic short
electron transfer
electroretinogram. reduced
elevated 6.hydroxypurine
elevated 6.mercaptopurine
elevated aldolase
elevated alkaline
elevated amniotic
elevated antinuclear
elevated apo.aii
elevated apoa.ii
elevated apoaii
elevated apob
elevated apolipoprotein
elevated blood
elevated brain
elevated carcinoembryonic
elevated carcinoma
elevated cd4.positive.
elevated cerebrospinal
elevated cholesterol
elevated cholesteryl
elevated circulating
elevated coagulation
elevated c.reactive
elevated creatine
elevated csf
elevated cup
elevated dermal
elevated diastolic
elevated erythrocyte
elevated factor
elevated follicle
elevated follicle.stimulating
elevated fsh
elevated gamma.glutamyltransferase
elevated glycated
elevated glycosylated
elevated gmp
elevated heart
elevated hemoglobin
elevated hepatic
elevated hepcidin
elevated hypoxanthine.guanine
elevated immunoglobulin
elevated imprint
elevated insulin
elevated intestinal
elevated intracellular
elevated intraocular
elevated jugular
elevated left
elevated leukocyte
elevated levels
elevated lh
elevated liver
elevated long
elevated lung
elevated luteinizing
elevated maternal
elevated mean
elevated mhc
elevated nasal
elevated phospho.creatine
elevated placental
elevated plasma
elevated propionylcarnitine
elevated proportion
elevated prostaglandin
elevated prostate.specific
elevated pulmonary
elevated red
elevated right
elevated sedimentation
elevated serum
elevated sweat
elevated systolic
elevated thyroid
elevated tissue
elevated total
elevated transferrin
elevated urinary
elevated urine
elevated vascular
elevated white
elf.like facial
elongated chordae
elongated long
elongated sella
elongated superior
elongation of
embolism and
embryonal renal
emg. axonal
emg. chronic
emg. continuous
emg. decremental
emg. decrement
emg. impaired
emg. incremental
emg. myokymic
emg. myopathic
emg. myotonic
emg. neurogenic
emg. neuropathic
emg. positive
emg. repetitive
emg. slow
emg. spontaneous.
emotionally unstable
empty follicle
empty ovarian
enamel with
endocardial cushion
endocrine system
endolymphatic sac
endopolyploidy on
end.organ unresponsiveness
end stage
end.stage renal
enhanced neurotoxicity
enhanced ristocetin
enhancement of
enlarged adrenal
enlarged alveolar
enlarged and
enlarged basal
enlarged capital
enlarged cerebral
enlarged cisterna
enlarged cochlear
enlarged colon
enlarged coronary
enlarged costochondral
enlarged end
enlarged epiphyses
enlarged epiphysis
enlarged eustachian
enlarged fetal
enlarged first
enlarged flash
enlarged foramen
enlarged fossa
enlarged fourth
enlarged great
enlarged heart
enlarged hinge
enlarged humeral
enlarged inferior
enlarged innermost
enlarged interhemispheric
enlarged internal
enlarged interpeduncular
enlarged interphalangeal
enlarged labia
enlarged lacrimal
enlarged lateral
enlarged liver
enlarged longitudinal
enlarged lysosomal
enlarged male
enlarged mesenteric
enlarged metacarpal
enlarged metacarpophalangeal
enlarged parathyroid
enlarged peripheral
enlarged phalangeal
enlarged pituitary
enlarged polycystic
enlarged proximal
enlarged sagittal
enlarged sella
enlarged semicircular
enlarged subarachnoid
enlarged sylvian
enlarged tear
enlarged thalamic
enlarged thumb
enlarged vaginal
enlarged ventricular
enlarged vertebral
enlarged vestibular
enlarged wide
enlargement of
enlargment of
enteric intraneuronal
enteric neuronal
enteroviral dermatomyositis
entrapment neuropathy
eosinophilic infiltration
eosinophilic micro.abscess
eosinophilic microabscess
ephelis of
epiblepharon of
epidermal inclusion
epidural arachnoid
epihyseal plate
epilepsia partialis
epileptiform eeg
epiphyseal abnormality
epiphyseal deformities
epiphyseal ossification
epiphyseal punctate
epiphyseal stippling
episodes of
episodic abdominal
episodic ammonia
episodic apnea
episodic difficulty
episodic flaccid
episodic generalized
episodic hemolytic
episodic infantile
episodic metabolic
episodic paroxysmal
episodic peripheral
episodic respiratory
episodic slow
episodic supraventricular
episodic under
episodic upper
epithelial corneal
equinus deformity
erlenmeyer flask
erosion of
eruptive vellus
erythema chronicum
erythema of
erythroid hypoplasia
esophageal epidermoid
esophageal squamous
euthyroid multinodular
eventration of
eversion of
everted lower
everted prominent
everted upper
exacerbated by
exaggerated acoustic
exaggerated cellular
exaggerated cupid.apos.s
exaggerated lumbar
exaggerated median
exaggerated rugosity
exaggerated startle
exaggerated thoracic
excess fluid
excessive bleeding
excessive bone
excessive daytime
excessive femoral
excessive focal
excessive growth
excessive insulin
excessive orbital
excessive. persistent
excessive production
excessive purine
excessive skin
excessive sweating
excessive wrinkled
excessive wrinkling
excess neck
excess nuchal
excess periorbital
excess skin
exercise induced
exercise.induced lactic
exercise.induced leg
exercise.induced muscle
exercise.induced myoglobinuria
exercise.induced u
exocrine pancreatic
exostoses of
exostosis of
expanded humeral
expanded metacarpals
expanded metatarsals
expanded phalanges
expanded terminal
exposure during
expressive language
extension of
extensor plantar
external acoustic
external auditory
external carotid
external ear
external genital
externally rotated.abducted
externally rotated
external ophthalmoplegia.
extinction of
extra.axial cerebrospinal
extra bone
extra bones
extra calcaneal
extracapillary glomerular
extra concha
extracranial internal
extra cranial
extra eyelid
extrafoveal choroidal
extra hair
extra heart
extrahepatic biliary
extrahepatic portal
extra index
extra little
extra long
extra middle
extraocular muscle
extra oral
extra pinkie
extra pinky
extrapyramidal muscular
extrapyramidal tract
extra ring
extra rows
extra skin
extra toe
extra upper
extreme generalized
extremely elevated
extreme sensitivity
exudative pleural
exudative retinal
eyeballs bulging
eyelashes fell
eyelid adhesion
eyelids stay
eyelids stuck
eyelid stuck
eyelid turned
eye movement
eye movement.induced
eye muscle
eye of
eyes at
eyes fixed
eye size
facet joint
face with
facial capillary
facial fat
facial flushing
facial midline
facial muscle
facial nerve
facial palsy
facial palsy.
facial paresis.
facial shape
facial telangiectasia
facial telangiectatic
factor v
factor vii
factor viii
factor x
factor xi
factor xii
factor xiii
failed liver
failure of
failure to
fair hair
falciform retinal
fallopian tube
false joint
faltering weight
familial primary
fascicular left
fasciculation of
fast heart
fat accumulation
fatal liver
fat cell
fat deposits
fatigable weakness
fatiguable weakness
fatty acids
fatty deposits
fatty infiltration
fatty replacement
fatty tumors
fava bean.induced
favorable response
fear of
feathered retinal
feeding difficulties
female external
female fetal
female sexual
femoral acetabular
femoral arterial
femoral bowing
fetal akinesia
fetal choroid
fetal cystic
fetal fifth
fetal renal
fetal ultrasound
fever induced
few cafe.au.lait
fewer baby
fewer deciduous
fewer primary
fewer teeth
fibroadenoma of
fibrocystic lung
fibrotic muscularis
fibrous cardiac
fibrous dysplasia
fibrous hamartoma
fibrous tissue
fibular deviation
fibularis muscle
fibular metaphyseal
fifth digit
fifth finger
fifth metacarpal
fine hair
fine motor
fine. reticulate
finger flexor
finger joint
finger pad
fingerprint intracellular
fingerprint profiles
firm lump
first degree
first dorsal
first metacarpal
first metacarpals
first metacarpophalangeal
first metatarsal
first metatarsals
fishnet retinal
fistula in
fitzgerald factor
fixed elbow
fixed facial
fixed flexion
fixed head
fixed splitting
flame.shaped retinal
flared distal
flared elbow
flared femoral
flared humeral
flared iliac
flared. irregular
flared lower
flared metaphyses
flared metaphysis
flared nasal
flared outermost
flared radial
flared upper
flared. widened
flared wide
flaring of
flat acetabular
flat area
flat bridge
flat capital
flat distal
flat dorsum
flat end
flat facial
flat femoral
flat glenoid
flat head
flat line
flat nasal
flat. nasal
flat nasolabial
flat posterior
flat proximal
flat sella
flat supraorbital
flattended end
flattended head
flattened acetabular
flattened and
flattened cervical
flattened distal
flattened end
flattened femoral
flattened head
flattened humeral
flattened knee
flattened metacarpal
flattened metatarsal
flattened moderately
flattened nasal
flattened or
flattened proximal
flattened radial
flattened rete
flattened. squared.off
flattened vertebral
flattening of
flat tip
flat vertebral
flaxen hair
fleshy upturned
flexion contracture
flexion contractures
flexion deformities
flexion deformity
flexion limitation
fluctuations in
fluid accumulation
fluid behind
fluid overload
fluorosis of
foam cells
foamy myocardial
focal absence
focal and
focal autonomic
focal clonic
focal dermal
focal eeg
focal epileptiform
focal friction.related
focal hyperextensible
focal hyperintensity
focal hypointensity
focal hypopigmentation
focal lipid
focal motor
focal myoclonic
focal necrosis
focal pancreatic
focal segmental
focal seizures.
focal seizures
focal subretinal
focal sub.rpe
focal t2
focal tonic
focal white
foetor ex
folate.dependent fragile
folate.responsive megaloblastic
folate.unresponsive megaloblastic
follicular infundibulum
follicular thyroid
foot bone
foot dorsiflexor
foot extensor
foot. talipes
foramen magnum
forearm reduction
forme fruste
forward directed
forward facing
forward slanting
fossa navicularis
fourth cranial
fourth heart
foveal hyporeflective
foveal inner
foveal intraretinal
foveal photoreceptor
foveal reflex
foveal retinal
foveal subretinal
fractured forearm
fractured hand
fractures of
fragmentation of
fragmented elastic
fragmented end
fragmented epiphyses
fragmented. irregular
frank breech
frayed humeral
frayed. irregular
frayed. irregular.
freckles in
freezing of
frequent bacterial
frequent bleeding
frequent broken
frequent candida
frequent ear
frequent giardia
frequent opportunistic
frequent otitis
frequent pyogenic
frequent respiratory
frequent. severe
frequent temper
frequent upper
frequent urinary
frontal cortex
frontal cortical
frontal creases
frontal cutaneous
frontalis muscle
frontal lobe
frontal open
frontal release
frontal suture
frontal upsweep
frontal venous
front fontanelle
frontoparietal cortical
frontotemporal cerebral
full lower
fullness of
full thickness
full.thickness macular
full upper
fully accomodative
fulminant hepatic
functional abnormality
functional intestinal
functional motor
functional respiratory
fundus with
funny looking
furcate cord
furrowed palms
furrows in
fused 4th.5th
fused ankle
fused bit
fused bones
fused capitate
fused carpal
fused cervical
fused end
fused finger
fused forearm
fused fourth
fused hand
fused index
fused inner
fused innermost
fused labia
fused little
fused long
fused lumbar
fused middle
fused of
fused outermost
fused pinkie
fused pinky
fused ring
fused sternal
fused thoracic
fused thumb
fused toe
fused wrist
fusiform abdominal
fusiform aortic
fusiform ascending
fusiform cerebral
fusiform descending
fusion involving
fusion of
gait ataxia.
gait instability.
gall bladder
gamma.a globulin
gap between
gaped jawed
gaped mouthed
gastric arteriovenous
gastric duplication
gastric fluid
gastroesophageal reflux
gastrointestinal arteriovenous
gastrointestinal hamartomatous
gastrointestinal infections.
gastrointestinal stromal
gastrointestinal stroma
gastrointestinal tract
gastro.jejunal tube
gastrojejunal tube
gastrostomy tube
gaze.evoked horizontal
gelasin of
gemination of
general absence
generalised abnormality
generalised opacification
generalised tonic.clonic
generalized abnormality
generalized amyloid
generalized arterial
generalized bone
generalized brain
generalized bronze
generalized cerebral
generalized clonic
generalized clonic.tonic
generalized dental
generalized distal
generalized dysplasia
generalized hypopigmentation
generalized hypoplasia
generalized hypotonia
generalized inability
generalized increase
generalized joint
generalized keratosis
generalized limb
generalized low
generalized morning
generalized muscle
generalized muscular
generalized myoclonic
generalized neonatal
generalized nonspecific
generalized opacification
generalized osteoporosis
generalized papillary
generalized periodontal
generalized reticulate
generalized sclerosis
generalized seborrheic
generalized spacing
generalized swelling
generalized tissue
generalized tonic
generalized tonic.clonic
generalized twisted
generalized weakness
genetic anticipation
genital functional
genital tract
genitourinary tract
gerbode ventricular
germ cell
germinal matrix
giant cell
giant conjunctival
giant hypertrophic
giant melanosomes
giant pigmented
giant somatosensory
gingival fibrous
gi tract
glabellar capillary
glandular cell
glaucomatous visual
glenoid fossa
glial remnants
gliosis in
global brain
global developmental
global paralysis
global proximal
global systolic
globe retraction
globus pallidus
glomerular c3
glomerular subendothelial
glomerulocystic kidney
glomus jugulare
glomus jugular
glomus tympanicum
glomus vagale
glossitis areata
glucocorticoid.remediable familial
glucocortocoid.insensitive primary
glucosephosphate isomerase
glucose tolerance
glutathione synthetase
glycogen accumulation
gonadal dysgenesis.
gonadal dysgenesis
gonadal tissue
gout of
gracile long
grade iii
grade ii
grade i
grade iv
grammar.specific speech
grand mal
granular corneal
granular macular
granular osmiophilic
granulomatous coronary
granulomatous enteritis
gray colored
gray matter
gray tooth
greatly elevated
green colored
green tooth
groove in
gross motor
ground.glass opacification
ground glass
grouped congenital
growth arrest
growth delay
growth hormone
growth resumption
growth retardation
haemorrhage of
hageman factor
hair follicle
hair growing
hair loss
hair.nail ectodermal
hair shafts
hairy elbow
halberd.shaped pelvis
hallucinations of
hamartoma of
hamartomatous stomach
hammock mitral
hand bone
hand mirror
hand muscle
hardening of
has loud
have loud
having too
head and
head circumference
head stopped
hearing loss.
heart conduction
heart left
heart rhythm
heart right
heart septal
heavy brow
heavy supraorbital
height less
heinz body
helicobacter pylori
heliotrope rash
helix. crus.
helix. darwin
helix. discontinuous
helix. posterior
hemangioblastoma. sporadic
hemangioma. facial.
hemangioma of
hemianoptic blurring
hemiatrophy of
hemihypertrophy of
hemihypotrophy of
hemoglobin in
hemolytic anemia.
hemolytic anemia
hemolytic uremic
hemorrhage of
hemorrhagic ovarian
heparan sulfate
heparin co.factor
hepatic anomalous
hepatic arteriovenous
hepatic bridging
hepatic periportal
hepatic steatosis.
hepatic vascular
hepatic vein
hepatitis. chronic
hepatitis. chronic.
hereditary nonpolyposis
hernia of
herniated abdominal
herniated intervertebral
herniation of
herpes simplex
herpetiform corneal
hidrotic ectodermal
high anterior
high arched
high. arched
high axial
high bili
high blood
high erythrocyte
high eye
high ferritin
high flash
high.frequency hearing
high frequency
high.frequency sensorineural
high frontal
high hairline
high iliac
high immunoglobulin
high insertion
high intestinal
high levels
high liver
highly arched
highly elevated
high lymphocyte
highly variable
high mandibular
high maternal
high myo.inositol
high myoinositol
high narrow
high. narrow
high nasal
high nonceruloplasmin.bound
high.output congestive
high pitched
high plasma
high posterior
high pulse
high. rounded
high serum
high set
high shoulder
high.tone sensorineural
high urinary
high urine
high vaulted
high white
hip flexion
hip flexor
hip girdle
hip.girdle muscle
hip joint
histrionic personality
hoarse voice
hobby horse
holes in
honeycomb palmoplantar
honeycomb retinal
hooded lower
hooded upper
hooding of
hooked tip
horizontal acetabular
horizontal chin
horizontal crus
horizontal deficiency
horizontal excess
horizontal hyperplasia
horizontal hypoplasia
horizontal inferior
horizontal insufficiency
horizontal jerk
horizontally incomitant
horizontal menton
horizontal opticokinetic
horizontal orientation
horizontal pendular
horizontal supranuclear
hormonally silent
hour glass
h.shaped dimple
h.type rectovestibular
humeral cortical
humeral diaphyseal
humeral lytic
humeral metaphyseal
humeral oval
humeral radial
humeral sclerotic
humeral ulnar
hump.shaped mound
hunched back
hurthle cell
hyaloid vascular
hydrops fetalis.
hydrops of
hyoplasia of
hyperactive bowel
hyperactive deep
hyperactive patellar
hyperactive renin.angiotensin
hyperautofluorescent macular
hyperautofluorescent retinal
hyperchloremic metabolic
hyperchromic macrocytic
hyperconvex thumb
hyperconvex vertebral
hyperelastic chest
hyperelastic face
hyperextensibility at
hyperextensibility of
hyperextensible hand
hyperextensible skin
hyperhidrosis of
hyperintense lesions
hyperintensity of
hyperkalemic metabolic
hyperkalemic periodic
hyperkeratosis. diffuse
hyperkeratosis lenticularis
hyperkeratosis of
hyperkeratosis over
hyperkeratosis. palmoplantar.
hyperkeratosis with
hypermetric downward
hypermobility of
hypermyelinated retinal
hyperossification of
hyperostosis cranialis
hyperostosis frontalis
hyperostosis of
hyperphalangy of
hyperpigmentation in
hyperpigmentation of
hyperpigmented nevi
hyperpigmented skin
hyperplasia of
hyperplastic antihelix
hyperplastic callus
hyperplastic colonic
hyperplastic femoral
hyperplastic helix
hyperplastic inferior
hyperplastic islets
hyperplastic labia
hyperplastic superior
hyperreflexia in
hypersegmentation of
hypertension associated
hypertension due
hypertensive disorder
hypertrichosis. congenital
hypertrichosis of
hypertrophic antihelix
hypertrophic auricular
hypertrophic helix
hypertrophic inferior
hypertrophic labia
hypertrophic nerve
hypertrophic pancreatic
hypertrophic superior
hypertrophic urinary
hypertrophied alveolar
hypertrophy of
hypoactive bowel
hypoactive to
hypo.autofluorescent macular
hypoautofluorescent macular
hypo.autofluorescent retinal
hypoautofluorescent retinal
hypocalcification of
hypochloremic metabolic
hypochromic microcytic
hypochromic. microcytic
hypodysplasia of
hypoglycosylation of
hypohidrosis or
hypohidrotic ectodermal
hypointensity of
hypokalemic hypochloremic
hypokalemic metabolic
hypokalemic periodic
hypomature dental
hypometric horizontal
hypometric upward
hypomineralization of
hypomyelination of
hypoossification of
hypophalangy of
hypopigmentation of
hypopigmented skin
hypoplasia.absence of
hypoplasia.agenesis of
hypoplasia involving
hypoplasia of
hypoplasia or
hypoplasic terminal
hypoplastic 1st
hypoplastic 2nd
hypoplastic 3rd
hypoplastic 5th
hypoplastic.absent eccrine
hypoplastic.absent metacarpal
hypoplastic.absent sebaceous
hypoplastic adrenal
hypoplastic alae
hypoplastic alar
hypoplastic alveolar
hypoplastic anterior
hypoplastic aortic
hypoplastic.aplastic distal
hypoplastic.aplastic middle
hypoplastic.aplastic pubic
hypoplastic big
hypoplastic bone
hypoplastic brain
hypoplastic bridge
hypoplastic calf
hypoplastic carpal
hypoplastic cerebellar
hypoplastic cervical
hypoplastic coccygeal
hypoplastic corpus
hypoplastic deciduous
hypoplastic distal
hypoplastic facial
hypoplastic female
hypoplastic femoral
hypoplastic fifth
hypoplastic first
hypoplastic fourth
hypoplastic frontal
hypoplastic glenoid
hypoplastic iliac
hypoplastic index
hypoplastic inferior
hypoplastic iris
hypoplastic ischial
hypoplastic ischiopubic
hypoplastic l5
hypoplastic labia
hypoplastic lacrimal
hypoplastic left
hypoplastic male
hypoplastic mandible
hypoplastic maxillary
hypoplastic middle
hypoplastic nasal
hypoplastic nasopharyngeal
hypoplastic odontoid
hypoplastic olfactory
hypoplastic optic
hypoplastic or
hypoplastic palmar
hypoplastic pectoral
hypoplastic pelvic
hypoplastic phalanges
hypoplastic pilosebaceous
hypoplastic posterior
hypoplastic proximal
hypoplastic pubic
hypoplastic pulmonary
hypoplastic radial
hypoplastic right
hypoplastic sacral
hypoplastic.small 3rd
hypoplastic.small 4th
hypoplastic.small 5th
hypoplastic.small distal
hypoplastic.small index
hypoplastic.small little
hypoplastic.small middle
hypoplastic.small phalanges
hypoplastic.small proximal
hypoplastic.small terminal
hypoplastic spinal
hypoplastic superior
hypoplastic supraorbital
hypoplastic sweat
hypoplastic terminal
hypoplastic thenar
hypoplastic thumb
hypoplastic to
hypoplastic tooth
hypoplastic tricuspid
hypoplastic vertebral
hyporeflective spaces
hyporeflexia.areflexia in
hyporeflexia at
hyporeflexia in
hyporeflexia. lower
hyporeflexia of
hyposegmentation of
hypothalamic arteriovenous
hypothalamic gnrh
hypothalamic gonadotropin.releasing
hypothalamic hypometabolism
hypothalamic luteinizing
hypotonia. axial.
hypotonia in
hypotonia. in
hypotonia. neonatal.
hypotrichosis of
hypotrichosis on
hypotrophic alveolar
hypotrophic anterior
hypotrophic bridge
hypotrophic condylar
hypotrophic facial
hypotrophic frontal
hypotrophic inferior
hypotrophic internal
hypotrophic lower
hypotrophic malar
hypotrophic mandibular
hypotrophic nasal
hypotrophic neck
hypotrophic paranasal
hypotrophic superior
hypotrophic tip
hypotrophic tooth
hypotrophic upper
hypotrophic zygomatic
hypotrophy of
hypsarrhythmia by
ichthyosiform abnormality
ichthyosis. congenital.
idiopathic cutaneous
idiopathic non.cirrhotic
idiopathic thrombocytopenic
idioventricular escape
iga deposition
ige.mediated food
iliac arterial
iliac crest
imbalanced hemoglobin
immature tooth
immunodeficiency. severe
immunoglobulin e.mediated
immunoglobulin igg2
impacted teeth
impaired ability
impaired activated
impaired adaptive
impaired adp.induced
impaired ag.specific
impaired annexin
impaired antigen.specific
impaired arachidonic
impaired binding
impaired b.lymphocyte
impaired breathing
impaired calcium
impaired clot
impaired collagen.induced
impaired collagen.related
impaired convulxin.induced
impaired cortisol
impaired cytokine
impaired delayed
impaired distal
impaired epinephrine.induced
impaired feeding
impaired fine
impaired galactose
impaired glucose
impaired growth.hormone
impaired histidine
impaired horizontal
impaired ig
impaired left
impaired lung
impaired lymphocyte
impaired memory
impaired myocardial
impaired nasal
impaired neutrophil
impaired ocular
impaired oral
impaired oropharyngeal
impaired pain
impaired pathogen.specific
impaired phorbol
impaired platelet
impaired pulmonary
impaired pursuit
impaired reabsorption
impaired renal
impaired right
impaired ristocetin
impaired ristocetin.induced
impaired smooth
impaired social
impaired speech
impaired stimulus.induced
impaired tactile
impaired tandem
impaired t
impaired temperature
impaired tendon
impaired thermal
impaired thrombin.induced
impaired thrombocytes
impaired thromboxane
impaired toileting
impaired touch
impaired transferring
impaired two.point
impaired urinary
impaired use
impaired vestibular
impaired vibration
impaired vibratory
impaired visually
impaired visuospatial
impaired von
impairment in
impairment of
imperfect vocal
imperforate atrioventricular
imperforate nasolacrimal
imperforate tricuspid
impotence due
inability to
inactivating thyroid.stimulating
inactivating tshr
inappropriate antidiuretic
inappropriate sexual
inappropriate sinus
incipient distal
inclusion bodies
inclusion body
incomplete breech
incomplete cleft
incomplete closure
incomplete congenital
incomplete formation
incomplete male
incomplete maturation
incomplete ossification
incomplete partition
incomplete septal
incoordination of
incorrect alignment
incorrect relation
increased activity
increased adiponectin
increased adipose
increased aldosterone
increased alkaline
increased amount
increased annexin
increased anterioposterior
increased anterior
increased antibody
increased antimullerian
increased aortic
increased arden
increased arm
increased axial
increased basal
increased basophil
increased b
increased biotinidase
increased bitemporal
increased bleeding
increased blood
increased body
increased bone
increased bowel
increased breadth
increased calcification
increased calcium
increased calvarial
increased capillary
increased carotid
increased carrying
increased caudate
increased cellular
increased cerebral
increased cerebrospinal
increased cervical
increased cholesterol
increased cholesteryl
increased chromosomal
increased circulating
increased connective
increased corneal
increased cortisol
increased cotinine
increased c
increased c.peptide
increased creatine
increased csf
increased csf.serum
increased cup
increased cup.to.disc
increased deep
increased density
increased depth
increased dermatoglyphic
increased diameter
increased diffusing
increased distance
increased endomysial
increased erythrocyte
increased estradiol
increased extraneuronal
increased facial
increased factor
increased fat
increased female
increased femoral
increased fetal
increased fiber
increased fibular
increased follicular
increased fracture
increased frequency
increased front
increased fucosylation
increased g6pd
increased gamma
increased gastric
increased genital
increased glomerular
increased glucagon
increased glucose.6.phosphate
increased groin
increased haemoglobin
increased hair
increased hba1c
increased hba2
increased hdl
increased head
increased heart
increased height
increased hemoglobin
increased hepatic
increased hepatocellular
increased horizontal
increased iga
increased ige
increased igg
increased igm
increased immunoglobulin
increased incidence
increased incisura
increased inflammatory
increased intercanthal
increased interpupillary
increased intervertebral
increased intraabdominal
increased intracellular
increased intracranial
increased intramuscular
increased intramyocellular
increased intraocular
increased iron
increased jitter
increased joint
increased lactate
increased lateral
increased laxity
increased ldl
increased length
increased level
increased levels
increased lh
increased linear
increased liver
increased long
increased lumbar
increased lymphocyte
increased male
increased mannosylation
increased mean
increased megakaryocyte
increased methionine
increased micromegakaryocyte
increased mineralization
increased mitochondrial
increased mobility
increased multinucleated
increased muscle
increased nasal
increased neuronal
increased neutrophil
increased nipple
increased nt.probnp
increased nuchal
increased number
increased oct.measured
increased ossification
increased overlap
increased palatal
increased percent
increased peripheral
increased phospho.creatine
increased phosphoribosylpyrophosphate
increased pigmentation
increased pineal
increased pitch
increased pituitary
increased plasma
increased platelet
increased post.void
increased proinsulin.insulin
increased projection
increased proportion
increased protein
increased prpp
increased pulmonary
increased purine
increased qrs
increased radioactive
increased rate
increased ratio
increased reactive
increased red
increased renal
increased respiratory
increased resting
increased reticulocyte
increased retinal
increased risk
increased ros
increased rouleaux
increased sarcoplasmic
increased scrotal
increased sensitivity
increased serum
increased sialylation
increased sickling
increased size
increased skeletal
increased skin
increased skull
increased space
increased spinal
increased spleen
increased startle
increased stool
increased subcutaneous
increased superoxide
increased superoxide.superoxide
increased susceptibility
increased t3.t4
increased t
increased tear
increased tendency
increased theta
increased thickness
increased thigh
increased thyroid.stimulating
increased tooth
increased total
increased transverse
increased troponin
increased tyrosine
increased udp.glucose
increased upper
increased uridine
increased urinary
increased urine
increased u
increased variability
increased variation
increased vertebral
increased vertical
increased vldl
increased volume
increased waist.hip
increased waist
increased waist.to.hip
increased width
increased wrinkles
increased wrist
increase in
increasing overgrowth
increasing size
indentation in
indentation of
indented bridge
index finger
induced vaginal
ineffective esophageal
infancy onset
infantile axial
infantile cardiomyopathy
infantile .constant.
infantile digital
infantile muscular
infantile respiratory
infantile sensorineural
infantile xanthomatous
infection of
inferior chorioretinal
inferior lens
inferior oblique
inferior rectus
inferior retinal
inferior subluxated
inferior vermis
inflammation of
inflammatory abnormality
inflammatory bowel
inflammatory cap
inflammatory skin
inflexible adherence
infra.aortic superior
infracardiac total
infrequent bowel
infrequent generalized
infundibular ventricular
inlet ventricular
inner ear
inner retinal
instability of
insufficient response
insulin.dependent but
insulin.dependent diabetes
insulin receptor
insulin resistant
insulin.resistant diabetes
intellectual disability.
intercostal muscle
interdigital finger
interictal eeg
interictal vestibular
interlobular bile
interlobular septal
intermediate atrioventricular
intermittent abdominal
intermittent abnormally
intermittent cerebellar
intermittent episodes
intermittent generalized
intermittent high
intermittent hyperpnea
intermittent lactic
intermittent microsaccadic
intermittent migraine
intermittent painful
intermittent yellowing
intermittent yellow
internal carotid
internally nucleated
internally rotated
internal notch
interosseous muscular
interosseus muscle
interphalangeal extension
interphalangeal joint
interrupted aortic
interrupted inferior
interstitial cardiac
interstitial lung
interstitial pulmonary
interventricular septum
intervertebral disc
intervertebral disk
intervertebral space
intestinal lymphoid
intimal thickening
intolerance to
intraalveolar nodular
intraaxonal accumulation
intracellular accumulation
intracellular curvilinear
intracerebral periventricular
intracranial arterial
intracranial cystic
intracranial dermoid
intracranial epidermoid
intracranial fusiform
intracranial internal
intracranial neurenteric
intracranial pressure
intrahepatic atresia
intrahepatic bile
intrahepatic biliary
intrahepatic cholestasis
intrahepatic duct
intrahepatic portal
intralobar nephrogenic
intralobular interstitial
intramyocardial coronary
intramyocardial fat
intranuclear cardiomyocyte
intraretinal hyporeflective
intra sutural
intrathoracic cystic
intrauterine fetal
intrauterine growth
intraventricular arachnoid
intrinsic factor
intrinsic hand
introversion of
in utero
invasive parasitic
inverted v.shaped
involuntary closure
involuntary dystonic
involuntary facial
involuntary jerking
involuntary muscle
involuntary. rapid.
involuntary shaking
involuntary writhing
involvement of
inward turned
inward turning
iodine contrast
ipsilateral lack
iq between
iq less
iridescent posterior
iris brushfield
iris pigment
iris stromal
iris transillumination
iron accumulation
iron deficiency
irregular acetabular
irregular ankle
irregular articular
irregular bone
irregular capital
irregular carpal
irregular central
irregular chondrocostal
irregular costochondral
irregular. dense
irregular dental
irregular distal
irregular end
irregular epiphyses
irregular epiphysis
irregular femoral
irregular finger
irregular heart
irregular humeral
irregular hyperpigmentation
irregular iliac
irregular innermost
irregularity of
irregular lacy
irregular long
irregularly spaced
irregular maturation
irregular metaphyses
irregular myelin
irregular ossification
irregular outermost
irregular patellar
irregular proximal
irregular. rachitic.like
irregular radial
irregular respiratory
irregular sclerosis
irregular sclerotic
irregular septal
irregular tarsal
irregular thighbone
irregular thumb
irregular ulnar
irregular vertebral
irregular visual
irregular wide
ischemic bone
islands of
islet of
islets of
isoelectric focusing
isolated cardiac
isolated hypogonadotropic
isolation of
isosexual precocious
issue with
ivory epiphyses
ivory epiphysis
ivory spinal
jaw dystonia
jaw joint
jaw pain
jejunal arteriovenous
jerking head
jerking of
jerk.locked premyoclonus
jerky head
jerky ocular
jerky smooth
joint contracture
joint contractures
joint contractures.
joint laxity.
joint ligamentous
joint pain.joint
j.shaped sella
junctional ectopic
juvenile aseptic
juvenile colonic
juvenile diabetes
juvenile epithelial
juvenile gastrointestinal
juvenile idiopathic
juvenile myelomonocytic
juvenile nasopharyngeal
juvenile osteochondrosis
juvenile posterior
juvenile rheumatoid
juvenile zonular
juxtaductal coarctation
juxtafoveal choroidal
kabuki syndrome
keratan sulfate
keratocystic odontogenic
keratocysts of
ketotic low
kidney calcium
kidney cortical
kidney degeneration
kidney function
kidney structure
kinked brain
kinky hair
kinky scalp
klebsiella infections.
knee flexion
knee joint
labia minora
lack of
lacrimal duct
lacrimal gland
lacrimal pump
lacrimal puncta
lacrimal punctal
lacrimal punctum.
lacrimal punctum
lacunar retinal
lacy appearance
lambdoid suture
lamellar cataract
lamellar pulverulent
language development
laquer cracks
large ankle
large antegonial
large anterior
large basal
large beaked
large cafe.au.lait
large capitate
large carpal
large. carp.shaped
large cavum
large cell
large central
large cerebral
large cisterna
large clumps
large corpus
large cranial
large cranium
large distal
large elongated
large end
large epiphysis
large facial
large fleshy
large foramen
large for
large frontal
large half
large hamate
large head
large humeral
large hyperpigmented
large iliac
large intestinal
large intestine
large joint
large lateral
large lower
large nasal
large neck
large of
large open
large oral
large pelvis
large posterior
large primary
large radial
large sella
large skull
large sternal
large tarsal
large terminal
large tip
large unciform
large upper
large vacuolated
large vessel
laryngeal cartilage
laryngotracheoesophageal cleft
laser pointer.induced
late closing
late closure
late eruption
late onset
late.onset distal
late.onset form
late.onset muscular
late.onset proximal
late.onset speech
late.onset spinocerebellar
lateral clavicle
lateral deviation
lateral displacement
lateral facial
lateral femoral
lateral humeral
lateral hypoplasia
laterally built
laterally curved
laterally deficient
laterally displaced
laterally elongated
laterally extended
laterally sloping
laterally sparse
lateral marginal
lateral rectus
lateral thinning
lateral venous
lateral ventricle
late sensorineural
late sleep
late spermatogenesis
late sytolic
late tooth
lattice corneal
lattice retinal
lax abdominal
leakage of
leber optic
left anterior
left aortic
left atrial
left atrium
left bundle
left posterior
left.sided heart
left superior
left unicoronal
left unilambdoid
left ventricular
leg length
leg muscle
length dependent
lengthened pr
lentigo maligna
lesser trochanter
less than
lethal dwarfism
lethal infantile
lethal in
lethal micromelic
lethal short.limbed
lethal short.trunk
lethal skeletal
leukocyte inclusion
levator palpebrae
levotransposition of
lewy body
leydig cell
lichenoid skin
lid lag
light colored
light induced
limb.girdle muscle
limb girdle
limb.girdle muscular
limb joint
limb muscle
limitation of
limited cervical
limited elbow
limited extension
limited extraocular
limited eye
limited forearm
limited gross
limited hip
limited interphalangeal
limited joint
limited knee
limited mobility
limited movement
limited neck
limited peripheral
limited pronation.supination
limited shoulder
limited wrist
linear arrays
linear c3
linear earlobe
linear iga
linear igg
linear nevus
linear retina
lipid accumulation
lipoma of
lipomas of
lipopigment in
lip pits
lissencephaly. type
lissencephaly type
little foramen
little lower
little underarm
liver arteriovenous
liver cell
liver copper
liver dysfunction.
liver kidney
liver vascular
l.looping of
lobe. forward
lobster.claw foot
lobster claw
lobular carcinoma
localized abnormal
localized area
localized autonomic
localized clonic
localized dysplasia
localized epidermolytic
localized hypoplasia
localized motor
localized periodontal
localized skin
local myoclonic
local tonic
long 2nd
long big
long bone
long bones
long calf
long cerebellar
long chain
long.chain dicarboxylic
long distal
long eyelashes
long finger
long hairs
long innermost
longitudinal groove
longitudinally grooved
longitudinal splitting
longitudinal vaginal
long lower
long maxillary
long middle
long. narrow
long opening
long outermost
long palatine
long palpebral
long phalanx
long proximal
long q.t
long qt
long rib
long second
long.segment aganglionic
long segment
long slender
long. slender
long styloid
long tract
long umbilical
long upper
loose anagen
loose redundant
loss in
loss of
loud first
lou gehrig.apos.s
low 1.minute
low 5.minute
low alkaline
low anterior
low apgar
low back
low b
low birth
low blood
low body
low calcium
low chest
low cholesterol
low csf
lower back
lower extremity
lower eyelid
lower front
lower jaw
lower labial
lower leg
lower lid
lower limb
lower.limb metaphyseal
lower lip
lower motor
lower respiratory
lower thoracic
low facial
low factor
low fatty
low femoral
low femur
low ferritin
low fibrinogen
low five.minute
low.frequency hearing
low.frequency sensorineural
low frontal
low frustration
low glucose
low gonadotropins
low.grade adenocarcinoma
low hairline
low hanging
low implantation
low insertion
low intestinal
low leukocyte
low levels
low lymphocyte
low maternal
low muscle
low nasal
low neutrophil
low number
low one.minute
low or
low.output congestive
low parathyroid
low placental
low plasma
low platelet
low posterior
low pulse
low self
low serum
low set
low.set frontal
low.set posteriorly
low.set. posteriorly
low sperm
low t
low tissue
low.to.normal blood
low to
low urinary
low urine
low voltage
low white
lumbar gibbus
lumbar interpedicular
lumbar kyphosis
lumbar spinal
lung carcinoid
lung disease
lung segmentation
lymphangioma of
lymphatic vessel
lymph node
lymph nodes
lymphoid germinal
lymphoid interstitial
lytic cystic
lytic defect
lytic defects
macrocephalic sperm
macrocephaly at
macrocytic dyserythropoietic
macrocytic hemolytic
macrodactyly of
macrodontia of
macronodular adrenal
macrovesicular hepatic
macular cherry
macular cotton
macular hyperpigmented
macular hypopigmented
macular pigmentary
macular retinal
madelung.like forearm
madelung wrist
malabsorption of
malaligned carpal
malaligned philtral
malalignment of
maldevelopment of
male.limited autosomal
male precocious
male sexual
males with
malformation of
malformed external
malformed lacrimal
malformed tear
malignant eosinophil
malignant gastrointestinal
malignant genitourinary
malignant gi
malignant hyperthermia
malignant neoplasm
malignant peripheral
malocclusion of
malposition of
malrotation of
mammary gland
mandibular condyle
map.dot.fingerprint corneal
marble bone
marcus gunn
marfanoid body
marginal cord
marginal corneal
marginal umbilical
marked delay
marked failure
marked growth
markedly retarded
marked metaphyseal
marked muscular
marked retardation
marked sclerosis
marked shortening
marked vision
mask.like facial
masseter muscle
massively thickened
mastoid processes
maternal anticardiolipin
maternal autoimmune
maternal fever
maternal first
maternal health
maternal teratogenic
maternal virilization
maturation arrest
mature cystic
maturity onset
maturity.onset diabetes
maxillary lateral
meconium ileus
meconium stained
meconium.stained amniotic
meconium staining
medial arterial
medial calcification
medial cleft
medial deviation
medial flaring
medially deficient
medially deviated
medially flattened
medially fused
medially sloping
medial rectus
medial rotation
medial thinning
medial widening
median arcuate
median cleft
median nail
median prosencephalic
median supernumary
mediastinal cystic
mediosternal. longitudinal
medium and
medium chain
medullar adrenal
medullary cystic
medullary sponge
medullary thyroid
mega cisterna
megakaryocyte nucleus
megaloblastic bone
megaloblastic erythroid
meibomian gland
meiotic maturation
melanin pigment
membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis
membranous choanal
membranous subvalvular
membranous supravalvular
membranous ventricular
membranous vitreous
mental and
mental deterioration
mental retardation.
merkel cell
mesenteric venous
mesoaxial foot
mesoaxial hand
mesomelia of
mesomelic arm
mesomelic leg
mesomelic limb
mesomelic lower
mesomelic.rhizomelic limb
mesomelic shortening
mesomelic short
metacarpal cone.shaped
metacarpal diaphyseal
metacarpal periosteal
metacarpal.phalangeal joint
metacarpophalangeal joint
metachromatic leukodystrophy
metallic taste
metaphyseal abnormality
metaphyseal chondromatosis
metaphyseal corner
metaphyseal cupping
metaphyseal flaring
metatarsal diaphyseal
metatarsal periosteal
methionine synthase
methionine synthetase
metopic suture
microangiopathic hemolytic
microcephaly. postnatal.
microcephaly present
microcolon on
microdontia of
micrognathia of
microtia. first
microtia. second
microtia. third
microtropia with
microtropia without
microvesicular hepatic
middle age
middle cerebral
middle ear
midface capillary
midfacial capillary
mid.frequency hearing
midfrontal capillary
midline brain
midline central
midline cleft
midline defect
midline direction
midline facial
midline nasal
midline notch
midline sinus
midline skin
midline supernumary
midnasal atresia
migraine with
migraine without
migrational brain
mild and
mild conductive
mild expressive
mild fetal
mild global
mild growth
mild hearing
mild intrauterine
mildly elevated
mildly increased
mildly reduced
mild mental
mild neurosensory
mild postnatal
mild prenatal
mild receptive
mild short
minimal change
minimal fat
minimal subcutaneous
minor feet
minor malformation
mirror hand
mirror image
misalignment of
missed heart
missing adult
missing all
missing a
missing between
missing big
missing bridge
missing cartilage
missing central
missing cervical
missing cupid.apos.s
missing deciduous
missing end
missing ethmoid
missing eye
missing fifth
missing first
missing frontal
missing front
missing globe
missing lateral
missing lower
missing mandibular
missing maxillary
missing middle
missing more
missing nasal
missing one
missing paranasal
missing parotid
missing permanent
missing primary
missing pulmonary
missing scaphoid
missing second
missing six
missing skin
missing some
missing stensen
missing tooth
missing twelve
missing upper
mitochondrial lysine
mitochondrial malic
mitochondrial pcc
mitochondrial proliferation
mitochondrial propionyl.coa
mitochondrial respiratory
mitral annular
mitral regurgitation.
mitral valve
mixed demyelinating
mixed gonadal
mixed hearing
mixed hypo.
mixed respiratory
mixed sclerosis
mixed total
mobitz i
mobitz ii
mobitz type
mode of
moderate conductive
moderate expressive
moderate generalized
moderate global
moderate growth
moderate hearing
moderate intrauterine
moderate low
moderately increased
moderately reduced
moderately short
moderate mental
moderate neural
moderate postnatal
moderate receptive
moderate sensorineural
moderate short
moderate visual
modic type
molarization of
molar shape
molar tooth
molybdenum cofactor
mongolian blue
monoclonal immunoglobulin
monoclonal light
monocular horizontal
monomorphic ventricular
monostotic fibrous
more teeth
morgagni diaphragmatic
morning generalized
morning glory
morning myoclonic
morphological abnormality
morphological anomaly
mosaic attenuation
mosaic central
mosaic corneal
motheaten muscle
motor and
motor axonal
motor conduction
motor developmental
motor neuron
mottled pigmentation
mottled skin
mottled tooth
movement abnormality
mucinous colorectal
mucinous cystic
mucinous gastric
mucinous neoplasm
multicentric femoral
multicentric ossification
multicystic dysplastic
multicystic kidney
multicystic renal
multidrug.resistant nephrotic
multifocal atrial
multifocal breast
multifocal cerebral
multifocal eeg
multifocal epileptiform
multifocal hyperintensity
multifocal hypointensity
multifocal onset
multifocal splenic
multifocal subretinal
multifocal sub.rpe
multilocular splenic
multinucleated giant
multiple accessory
multiple adenomatous
multiple bilateral
multiple bile
multiple biliary
multiple bladder
multiple bony
multiple cafe.au.lait
multiple carpal
multiple chromosomal
multiple colonic
multiple congenital
multiple cutaneous
multiple deep
multiple digital
multiple duodenal
multiple epiphyseal
multiple episodes
multiple exostoses
multiple fractures
multiple fractures.
multiple gastric
multiple glomerular
multiple impacted
multiple intervertebral
multiple intestinal
multiple joint
multiple kidney
multiple lineage
multiple long.bone
multiple mitochondrial
multiple mtdna
multiple mucosal
multiple muscular
multiple non.erupting
multiple oral
multiple palmar
multiple palm
multiple pancreatic
multiple pigmented
multiple plantar
multiple pouches
multiple prenatal
multiple pulmonary
multiple rectal
multiple renal
multiple respiratory
multiple rib
multiple rows
multiple shoulder
multiple skeletal
multiple small
multiple spontaneous
multiple. subcutaneous
multiple suture
multiple unerupted
multiple vertebral
muscle abnormality
muscle atrophy.
muscle biopsy
muscle cramps
muscle fiber
muscle fibre
muscle hypertrophy
muscle issues
muscle pain.
muscle pain
muscle spasm
muscle specific
muscle stiffness.
muscle stiffness
muscle tissue
muscle twitches
muscle weakness
muscle weakness.
muscular atrophy.
muscular cardiac
muscular dystrophy.
muscular hypertrophy
muscular hypotonia
muscularis propria
muscular subaortic
muscular subvalvular
muscular ventricular
muscular weakness.
myasthenia of
myelin.like whorls
myelodysplasia with
myocardial eosinophilic
myocardial fiber
myocardial granulomatous
myocardial immune
myocardial lymphocytic
myocardial multinucleated
myocardial or
myocardial sarcomere
myocardial sarcomeric
myoclonic atonic
myoclonic epilepsy.
myoclonus of
myocyte cellular
myopathic facial
myotonia of
myotonia with
myxoid subcutaneous
myxomatous mitral
naevus flammeus
naevus fuscoceruleus
nail bed
narrow and
narrow anterio.posterior
narrow auditory
narrow base
narrow. bell.shaped
narrow bitemporal
narrow bridge
narrow carpal
narrow cervical
narrow dorsum
narrowed greater
narrowed sacrosciatic
narrow external
narrow eyelid
narrow femoral
narrow foramen
narrow greater
narrow. high.arched
narrow. high
narrow. highly
narrow iliac
narrow incisura
narrowing of
narrow internal
narrow interpedicular
narrow interpediculate
narrow intervertebral
narrow joint
narrow lower
narrow lumbar
narrow nasal
narrow neck
narrowness of
narrow opening
narrow palatine
narrow palpebral
narrow pelvis
narrow retinal
narrow roof
narrow sacroiliac
narrow sacrosciatic
narrow sciatic
narrow septum
narrow small
narrow spinal
narrow thoracolumbar
narrow tip
narrow upper
narrow vertebral
nasal bone
nasal bridge
nasal bridge.
nasal cartilage
nasal. dysarthic
nasal mucosa
nasal mucous
nasal ridge.
nasal tip.
nasogastric tube
nasolabial crease.
nasolabial fold.
nasolacrimal duct
nasolacrimal sac
natural history
nausea and
nearsightedness since
neck flexion
neck flexor
necklace skeletal
neck muscle
necrolytic migratory
necrosis of
negative nbt
negative nitroblue
neonatal alloimmune
neonatal breathing
neonatal cholestatic
neonatal epiphyseal
neonatal hemolytic
neonatal inspiratory
neonatal insulin.dependent
neonatal intestinal
neonatal respiratory
neonatal short.limbed
neonatal short.limb
neonatal short.trunk
neonatal unconjugated
neonatal wrinkled
neoplasia of
neoplasm by
neoplasm of
neovascularization of
nephrogenic diabetes
nephrotic range
nerve conduction
nervous system
nervous tissue
neural tube
neuroaxonal degeneration
neuroendocrine carcinoma
neuroendocrine tumor
neurofibrillary tangles
neurogenic muscle
neurogenic muscular
neurogenic scapuloperoneal
neurohypophyseal diabetes
neurological speech
neurologic deterioration.
neuronal and
neuronal.glioneuronal neoplasm
neuronal loss
neuronal migration
neuroplasm of
neutrophil antibody
neutrophilic infiltration
neutrophil inclusion
nevus flammeus
nevus fuscoceruleus
nevus of
new blood
newborn gammaglobulin
newborn respiratory
niddm diabetes
night blindness.
night blindness
nipples absent
no adult
no auditory
nocturnal slow
nocturnal under
no development
nodular.centrilobular with
nodular changes
nodular corneal
nodular inflammatory
nodular pattern
nodular.perilymphatic pattern
nodular.random pattern
nodular regenerative
nodular septal
nodular transformation
no fourth
no globe
no light.evoked
non.accomodative convergence
non.acidotic proximal
non.allergic food
nonarteriosclerotic cerebral
nonarteritic anterior
nonbullous congenital
non.cancerous gi
non.caseating epithelioid
non cirrhotic
noncompaction of
nonconvulsive status
non.detectable photopic
nonepidermolytic palmoplantar
non.functional pituitary
non.immune fetal
nonimmune hydrops
noninflammatory retina
non.insulin dependent
noninsulin dependent
noninsulin.dependent diabetes
non.medullary thyroid
nonmedullary thyroid
non.midline cleft
nonocclusive coronary
non.occlusive coronary
nonopposable triphalangeal
nonossified fifth
nonpapillary renal
nonprogressive cerebellar
nonprogressive intellectual
nonprogressive mental
nonprogressive muscular
nonprogressive restrictive
nonprogressive visual
non.rapid eye
non.restrictive ventricular
non.secretory adrenal
non.secretory adrenocortical
non.small cell
nonspherocytic hemolytic
no permanent
normal density
normal.density transverse
normal interictal
normal pressure
normochromic microcytic
normocytic hypoplastic
no secondary
no social
no speech
notched cleft
notched first
notched front
notched hand
notched innermost
notched long
notched lower
notched nasal
notched outermost
notched primary
notched p
notched terminal
notched thumb
notched tip
notched upper
notching of
notch of
now and
nuclear pulverulent
nuclear punctate
number of
numerous congenital
numerous multiple
numerous pigmented
nummular pigmentation
nystagmus. congenital
nystagmus. continuous
nystagmus. horizontal
nystagmus. horizontal.
nystagmus.induced head
oat cell
obesity grade
obliteration of
obliterative portal
obsessive compulsive
obsolete abnormal
obsolete abnormalities
obsolete abnormality
obsolete absence
obsolete accessory
obsolete advanced
obsolete amyloid
obsolete anaphylactoid
obsolete aortic
obsolete aplasia.hypoplasia
obsolete aplasia
obsolete arterial
obsolete atrioventricular
obsolete bilateral
obsolete biliary
obsolete bracket
obsolete butterfly
obsolete calcific
obsolete cataracts
obsolete cellulitis
obsolete central
obsolete chevron.shaped.cone.shaped
obsolete choroidal
obsolete choroid
obsolete combined
obsolete concentric
obsolete cone.shaped
obsolete congenital
obsolete coronary
obsolete corticospinal
obsolete decreased
obsolete degenerative
obsolete depigmented
obsolete diaphoresis
obsolete diffuse
obsolete dilatation
obsolete dissecting
obsolete duplication
obsolete early
obsolete ectopic
obsolete episodes
obsolete expanded
obsolete facial
obsolete finger
obsolete fishnet
obsolete flared
obsolete flat
obsolete foveal
obsolete fused
obsolete generalized
obsolete hepatic
obsolete hoarse
obsolete hypertrophic
obsolete hypopigmented
obsolete hypoplasia
obsolete hypoplastic
obsolete hypoplastic.small
obsolete impaired
obsolete increased
obsolete involuntary
obsolete irido.fundal
obsolete iridoretinal
obsolete joint
obsolete juvenile
obsolete lacunar
obsolete large
obsolete laterally
obsolete ligamentous
obsolete loss
obsolete low
obsolete lung
obsolete lytic
obsolete macrocephaly
obsolete malformation
obsolete markedly
obsolete mental
obsolete metaphyseal
obsolete mildly
obsolete neoplasia
obsolete nodular
obsolete nonnuclear
obsolete nonprogressive
obsolete occlusive
obsolete osteomyelitis
obsolete overgrowth
obsolete palpitations
obsolete papillary
obsolete paraganglioma.related
obsolete partial
obsolete pericentral
obsolete periosteal
obsolete peripheral
obsolete pharyngeal
obsolete pigmentary
obsolete platyspondyly
obsolete prematurely
obsolete premature
obsolete prenatal
obsolete primary
obsolete progressive
obsolete prominent
obsolete pulsatile
obsolete radial
obsolete radially
obsolete rarefaction
obsolete renal
obsolete respiratory
obsolete retinal
obsolete rhythm
obsolete rod.cone
obsolete rudimentary
obsolete severe
obsolete short
obsolete slitlike
obsolete small
obsolete tachycardia
obsolete temporal
obsolete thin
obsolete thumbs
obsolete tracheal
obsolete transposition
obsolete ulnar
obsolete vocal
obsolete wide.broad
obstructed carotid
obstruction in
obstruction of
obstructive deficit
obstructive lung
obstructive sleep
obtuse angle
obtuse basal
occipital cortical
occlusive arterial
occlusive vascular
occult macular
occult spinal
ocular anterior
ocular motor
ocular movement
oculomotor nerve
odontogenic keratocysts
oedema of
old.aged sensorineural
olfactory lobe
oligoclonal t
oligodactyly of
oligodontia of
omega shaped
one sided
one underdeveloped
onion bulb
onset at
onset in
onset of
onychogryposis of
onycholysis of
oocyte arrest
opacification of
open angle
open bite
open cranial
openings in
open mouth
open tuba
ophthalmic artery
opposable triphalangeal
oppositional defiant
optically empty
optic atrophy
optic disc
optic disk
optic nerve
optic pathway
oral cavity
oral hairy
oral idiopathic
oral lichenoid
oral motor
oral mucosa
oral mucosal
oral pharyngeal
oral racial
oral soft
oral white
orange coloured
orange discoloured
orofacial action.specific
oropharyngeal squamous
orotic acid
orotidine.5.prime.phosphate decarboxylase
orthodromic atrioventricular
orthostatic hypotension
orthotopic os
osgood schlatter
osseous atresia
osseous finger
osseous stenosis
osseous syndactyly
ossification defect
ossification of
ossifying fibroma
osteoarthritis of
osteochondrosis of
osteolysis involving
osteolysis of
osteolytic defect
osteolytic defects
osteomyelitis. especially
osteomyelitis leading
osteoporosis of
osteoporotic forearm
osteosclerosis. diffuse
osteosclerosis of
ostium primum
ostium secundum
otitis media.
otitis media
outer ear
outward facing
outward turned
oval facial
oval transradiancy
oval vertebral
ovarian cystic
ovarian dermoid
ovarian epithelial
ovarian mucinous
ovarian papillary
ovarian serous
overactive bladder
overactive knee
overactive lower
overcrowding of
overfolding of
overgrowth and
overgrowth of
overhanging nasal
overlapped maxillary
overlapped upper
overmodelled hand
overriding aortic
overriding atrioventricular
overtubulated long
ovoid.shaped vertebral
ovoid thoracic
ovoid thoracolumbar
ovoid vertebral
oxygen desaturation
pace of
painful noncancerous
painful or
painful subcutaneous
pain in
painless fractures
pain of
paired helical
palatal spider
pale optic
pallor of
palmar and
palmoplantar cutis
palmoplantar keratoderma.
palmoplantar keratosis
palmoplantar scaling
palm tree
palpebral fissure
palpebral fissures
pancreatic endocrine
pancreatic islet
pancreatic islet.cell
pancreatic squamous
papillary carcinoma
papillary cystadenoma
papillary renal
papillary thyroid
parachute mitral
paradoxical increased
paradoxical splitting
paraganglioma of
paragangliomas. head
paralysis due
paralysis of
paramedian cleft
paramedian facial
paramedian labial
paramedian lip
paramembranous ventricular
paranasal sinus
paraspinal muscle
parathormone.independent increased
paravenous chorioretinal
paresis of
parietal cortical
parietal hypometabolism
parkinsonism with
paroxysmal atrial
paroxysmal bursts
paroxysmal involuntary
paroxysmal nocturnal
paroxysmal supraventricular
paroxysmal ventricular
partial abdominal
partial absence
partial absent
partial agenesis
partial anodontia
partial anomalous
partial atrioventricular
partial autonomic
partial cleft
partial clonic
partial complement
partial.complete absence
partial.complete duplication
partial corpus
partial development
partial diaphragmatic
partial dislocation
partial double
partial duplication
partial functional
partial fusion
partial hip
partial iga
partial knee
partial knuckle
partial laryngeal
partial left
partial loss
partially accomodative
partially dislocated
partially duplicated
partial motor
partial myoclonic
partial nodular
partial or
partial right
partial seizures
partial shoulder
partial thickness
partial thromboplastin
partial to
partial tonic
partial.total agenesis
partial unilateral
partial vaginal
passive dorsiflexion
patch of
patchy atrophy
patchy changes
patchy darkened
patchy demyelination
patchy distortion
patchy hypo.
patchy hypopigmentation
patchy increased
patchy increase
patchy lightened
patchy palmoplantar
patchy reduction
patchy sclerosis
patchy variation
patent ductus
patent foramen
patent ostium
patent tuba
paternal anticipation
pathogen.specific cd8
pathologic hair
pattern dystrophy
paucity of
pear.shaped vertebral
pectoralis major
pectoralis minor
pectoral muscle
pectus carinatum
pectus excavatum
peg.fed in
peg.like central
peg shaped
peg.shaped maxillary
pelvic arteriovenous
pelvic bone
pelvic girdle
pelvic organ
pelviureteric junction
pendulous urethral
penetrating aortic
penetrating foot
percussion.induced rapid
perforation of
periapical bone
periapical tooth
periarticular subcutaneous
periauricular skin
peribronchovascular interstitial
pericentral retinitis
perifascicular muscle
perifoveal ring
perilobar nephrogenic
perimembraneous ventricular
perimembranous ventricular
perinephric fluid
peri.ocular capillary
periocular capillary
periodic hyperkalemic
periodic hypokalemic
periorbital dermoid
periorbital ecchymosis
periosteal new
periosteal thickening
peripapillary chorioretinal
peripheral arterial
peripheral arteriovenous
peripheral artery
peripheral axonal
peripheral blood
peripheral corneal
peripheral cystoid
peripheral edema
peripheral motor
peripheral nerve
peripheral nervous
peripheral opacification
peripheral primitive
peripheral pulmonary
peripheral pulmonic
peripheral retinal
peripheral sensory
peripheral tractional
peripheral traction
peripheral vascular
peripheral visual
peripheral vitreoretinal
peripheral vitreous
perivascular cardiac
perivascular myocardial
periventricular cerebral
periventricular gray
periventricular neuronal
periventricular white
permanent atrial
permanent curving
permanent enlargement
permanent flexion
permanent junctional
peroneal muscle
persistant truncus
persistence of
persistent anterior
persistent arterial
persistent bleeding
persistent cavum
persistent deciduous
persistent ductus
persistent fetal
persistent foramina
persistent hyaloid
persistent hyperplasia
persistent hyperplastic
persistent hypertrophic
persistent lactic
persistent left
persistent nutritive
persistent. open
persistent open
persistent patent
persistent posterior
persistent primary
persistent pupillary
persistent repetition
persistent stapedial
persistent truncus
persistent tunica
persistent wide
perthes.like femoral
pervasive developmental
petit mal
phalangeal cone.shaped
phenylalanine hydroxylase
philadelphia.positive acute
philtral ridges.
philtrum. midline
philtrum with
phosphohexose isomerase
phospholipid antibody
photoparoxysmal response
photoreceptor layer
photoreceptor outer
photosensitive skin
photosensitive tonic.clonic
ph.positive acute
pick inclusion
pierre robin
piezogenic pedal
pigmentary retinal
pigmentary skin
pigmentation anomalies
pigmentation around
pigmentation of
pigment deposition
pigmented macular
pigmented micronodular
pinched bridge
pinched nasal
pinched tip
pineal gland
pineal parenchymal
pinhole visual
pins and
pit above
pit behind
pit in
pits around
pits at
pits in
pitting of
pituitary acidophilic
pituitary corticotropic
pituitary gonadotropic
pituitary gonadotropin
pituitary growth
pituitary null
pituitary prolactin
pituitary resistance
pituitary spindle
pituitary thyrotropic
placoid macular
plantar crease
plantar flexion
plaque build.up
plaque.like facial
plasma cortisol
plasma factor
platelet.activating factor
platelet aggregation
platelet antibody
plump lower
plump upper
pneumonia. recurrent
podocyte foot
pointed frontal
pointed front
pointed hairline
pointed hand
pointed humeral
pointed innermost
pointed mandibular
pointed maxillary
pointed mention
pointed primary
pointed proximal
pointed ulnar
pointed upper
pointed wide
poliosis of
polly beak
polyclonal elevation
polycystic kidney
polycystic liver
polycystic ovary
polydactyly affecting
polydactyly of
polygonal renal
polymicrogyria. anterior
polymorphic and
polymorphic focal
polymorphic ventricular
polymorphous posterior
polyostotic fibrous
polypoidal choroidal
polys of
polysyndactyly of
pontine tegmental
poor attention
poor bladder
poor cd25
poor exercise
poor eye
poor fine
poor fingernail
poor gross
poor hand.eye
poor head
poor language
poorly calcified
poorly defined
poorly developed
poorly folded
poorly formed
poorly mineralized
poorly ossified
poor motor
poor nail
poor night
poor prothrombin
poor school
poor social
poor speech
poor temperature
poor toenail
poor visual
poor weight
poor wound
portal fibrosis
portal vein
portosystemic collateral
port.wine stain
positional foot
positive ferric
positive gower
positive gowers
positive pathergy
positive perchlorate
positive regitine
positive romberg
positive urine
post.angioplasty coronary
postauricular fibroepithelial
postauricular skin
postaxial foot
postaxial hand
postaxial polydactyly
postaxial polysyndactyly
postductal aortic
postductal coarctation
posterior auricular
posterior capsular
posterior cerebral
posterior choanal
posterior communicating
posterior cortical
posterior flattening
posterior fossa
posterior fusion
posterior helix
posteriorly angulated
posteriorly dislocated
posteriorly placed
posteriorly rotated
posteriorly sloping
posterior pharyngeal
posterior pituitary
posterior polar
posterior polydactyly
posterior radial
posterior retinal
posterior rib
posterior scalloping
posterior subcapsular
posterior subluxation
posterior synechiae
posterior urethral
posterior vertebral
posterior vitreous
posterior wedging
posterior y.sutural
posterolateral diaphragmatic
postlingual sensorineural
postnatal cystic
postnatal deceleration
postnatal failure
postnatal growth
postnatal.onset ichthyosiform
postnatal onset
postural hypotension
postural tremor
preauricular fibroepithelial
preauricular skin
preaxial foot
preaxial hallucal
preaxial hand
preaxial polydactyly.
preaxial polydactyly
pre.b.cell acute
precocious costochondral
precocious eruption
precociously ossified
precociously senile
precocious puberty
predisposition to
predominantly dermal
predominantly epidermal
predominantly lower
preductal coarctation
prefrontal hypometabolism
prelingual sensorineural
premature anterior
premature atrial
premature birth
premature breast
premature calcification
premature chromatid
premature closure
premature coronary
premature deciduous
premature delivery
premature dental
premature epimetaphyseal
premature eruption
premature fontanel
premature fusion
premature graying
premature hair
premature loss
prematurely aged
prematurely closed
premature occlusive
premature ovarian
premature posterior
premature pubic
premature rupture
premature separation
premature skin
premature sternal
premature sudden
premature supraventricular
premature suture
premature teeth
premature tooth
premature ventricular
premaxillary bone
prenatal growth
prenatal maternal
prenatal movement
prenatal onset
prenatal.onset growth
presence of
preterm intraventricular
pretibial epidermolysis
primarily generalised
primarily generalized
primary adrenal
primary adrenocortical
primary angle
primary atrial
primary biliary
primary caesarian
primary central
primary cns
primary congenital
primary front
primary gastric
primary generalised
primary generalized
primary gonadal
primary open
primary ovarian
primary palate
primary peritoneal
primary pulmonary
primary small
primary testicular
primary undifferentiated
primitive neuroectodermal
primum atrial
primum atrioventricular
pr interval
problem paying
proclination of
profound depletion
profound global
profound hearing
profound mental
profound sensorineural
profound static
profuse pigmented
progeroid facial
prognathia of
progressive acroosteolysis
progressive alveolar
progressive bilateral
progressive bowing
progressive brachydactyly
progressive calcification
progressive capillary
progressive cerebellar
progressive cervical
progressive clavicular
progressive cochlear
progressive cognitive
progressive conductive
progressive cone
progressive congenital
progressive degeneration
progressive distal
progressive drooping
progressive external
progressive extrapyramidal
progressive flexion
progressive forearm
progressive fusion
progressive gait
progressive hearing
progressive high
progressive high.frequency
progressive hypertrophy
progressive inability
progressive inspiratory
progressive intervertebral
progressive joint
progressive language
progressive leg
progressive loss
progressively abnormally
progressive mental
progressive muscle
progressive muscular
progressive neurodegenerative
progressive neurologic
progressive night
progressive paralysis
progressive peripheral
progressive pes
progressive proximal
progressive psychomotor
progressive pulmonary
progressive renal
progressive respiratory
progressive reticulate
progressive sclerosis
progressive sensorineural
progressive spastic
progressive spinal
progressive systemic
progressive truncal
progressive vision
progressive visual
projection of
prolactin.secreting pituitary
prolapse of
proliferation of
prolonged activated
prolonged bleeding
prolonged brainstem
prolonged clotting
prolonged euglobulin
prolonged g2
prolonged miniature
prolonged neonatal
prolonged partial
prolonged pr
prolonged prothrombin
prolonged qrs
prolonged qtc
prolonged qt
prolonged russell.apos.s
prolonged somatosensory
prolonged whole.blood
prolonged yellowing
prolong qt
prominence of
prominent area
prominent back
prominent belly
prominent bridge
prominent central
prominent corneal
prominent costochondral
prominent crus
prominent cupid.bow
prominent deltoid
prominent digit
prominent ear
prominent eye
prominent finger
prominent fingertip
prominent floating
prominent frontal
prominent heel
prominent hinge
prominent inferior
prominent innermost
prominent interdigital
prominent interphalangeal
prominent lateral
prominent laugh
prominent lower
prominent lumbar
prominent malar
prominent medial
prominent median
prominent metopic
prominent midpalatal
prominent nasal
prominent nasolabial
prominent palatine
prominent palmar
prominent perineal
prominent posterior
prominent prostate
prominent protruding
prominent. protruding
prominent proximal
prominent scalp
prominent schwalbe
prominent scrotal
prominent sella
prominent septum
prominent smile
prominent stem
prominent styloid
prominent superficial
prominent superior
prominent supraorbital
prominent tip
prominent tongue
prominent upper
prominent u
prominent veins
prominent xiphoid
prone to
pronounced nasal
pronounced tip
propionyl.coa carboxylase
proportionate shortening
proportionate short
proportionate small
proportionate tall
protein c
protein in
protracted bleeding
protruding area
protruding bridge
protruding lower
protruding nasal
protruding supraorbital
protruding upper
protrusion of
protuberances at
proximal 5th
proximal aortic
proximal esophageal
proximal femoral
proximal fibular
proximal fifth
proximal finger
proximal foot
proximal humeral
proximal interphalangeal
proximal limb
proximal lower
proximally placed
proximal.middle symphalangism
proximal muscle
proximal neurogenic
proximal phalangeal
proximal phalanges
proximal placement
proximal radial
proximal radio.ulnar
proximal renal
proximal spinal
proximal symphalangism
proximal tapering
proximal tibial
proximal tubular
proximal tubule
proximal upper
pr segment
pruritis on
pruritus on
pseudarthrosis of
pseudoarthrosis of
pseudobulbar behavioral
pseudocoarctation of
pseudoepiphyses of
pseudoepiphysis of
pseudohypertrophy of
psychomotor developmental
psychomotor development
psychomotor regression
psychomotor regression.
psychomotor retardation.
pterygium of
ptosis. bilateral
ptosis. congenital
pubertal developmental
puberty and
puffiness around
puffiness of
pugilistic facial
pulmonary arterial
pulmonary arteriovenous
pulmonary artery
pulmonary aterial
pulmonary av
pulmonary capillary
pulmonary carcinoid
pulmonary infections.
pulmonary interstitial
pulmonary interstitiatial
pulmonary situs
pulmonary valve
pulmonary venolobar
pulmonary venoocclusive
pulmonary venous
pulmonic valve
pulp canal
pulverulent nuclear
punched out
punctate calcifications
punctate corneal
punctate lenticular
punctate opacification
punctate palmar
punctate palmoplantar
punctate periventricular
punctate tarsal
punctate vasculitis
punctate vertebral
puolmonary valve
pure gonadal
purely bicuspid
pure red
pustulosis of
pustulosis palmaris
p wave
pyknotic bone
pyoderma fistulans
pyramidal skinfold
pyramidal tract
pyridoxine.responsive sideroblastic
pyriform aperture
pyrimidine.responsive megaloblastic
pyruvate dehydrogenase
quadriceps muscle
quadricuspid aortic
question mark
radial club
radial deviation
radial head
radial longitudinal
radially deviated
radial metaphyseal
radial ray
radiation.induced chromosome
radiohumeral synostosis
ragged red
ragged.red muscle
raised erythrocyte
raised immunoglobulin
raised intraocular
rapid heart
rapidly progressive
rapid neurologic
rarefaction of
reactive airway
receding lower
receptive language
recessed dorsum
recessed nasal
rectal arteriovenous
rectilinear intracellular
rectilinear profiles
recto.sigmoid colon
rectus femoris
rectus superior
recurrent abdominal
recurrent abscess
recurrent aphthous
recurrent aspergillus
recurrent aspiration
recurrent bacterial
recurrent bladder
recurrent bleeding
recurrent bronchopulmonary
recurrent burkholderia
recurrent candida
recurrent cerebellar
recurrent cerebral
recurrent chest
recurrent corneal
recurrent cutaneous
recurrent deep
recurrent dislocation
recurrent ear
recurrent e.
recurrent enteroviral
recurrent episodes
recurrent external
recurrent fungal
recurrent gastrointestinal
recurrent gram.negative
recurrent haemophilus
recurrent hand
recurrent hemorrhagic
recurrent hypoglycemic
recurrent infantile
recurrent infection
recurrent infections
recurrent interdigital
recurrent intrapulmonary
recurrent joint
recurrent klebsiella
recurrent loss
recurrent low
recurrent lower
recurrent major
recurrent mandibular
recurrent meningococcal
recurrent middle
recurrent mycobacterial
recurrent mycobacterium
recurrent neisseria
recurrent neisserial
recurrent opportunistic
recurrent otitis
recurrent parasitic
recurrent paroxysmal
recurrent patellar
recurrent plantar
recurrent protozoan
recurrent pulmonary
recurrent pyogenic
recurrent rectal
recurrent respiratory
recurrent serratia
recurrent shedding
recurrent shoulder
recurrent sinopulmonary
recurrent sinus
recurrent skin
recurrent sore
recurrent spontaneous
recurrent staphylococcal
recurrent staphylococcus
recurrent streptococcus
recurrent subcortical
recurrent synchronous
recurrent systemic
recurrent thromboembolic
recurrent upper
recurrent urinary
recurrent venous
recurrent viral
recurrent vulvovaginal
recurring pancreas
red and
red blood
red brown
red bump
red cell
red green
red.green color
red hair
red head
red in
redness of
reduced 4.hydroxyphenylpyruvate
reduced 6.hydroxypurine
reduced 6.mercaptopurine
reduced.absent deep
reduced activity
reduced aldolase
reduced alpha.2.antiplasmin
reduced alpha.beta
reduced amplitude
reduced amygdala
reduced androgen.binding
reduced anterior.posterior
reduced antigen.specific
reduced antithrombin
reduced arm
reduced b
reduced beta.alpha
reduced blood
reduced bone.marrow
reduced bone
reduced brain
reduced carbon
reduced carnitine
reduced catalase
reduced cell
reduced cerebrospinal
reduced circulating
reduced coagulation
reduced collagen
reduced contraction
reduced corneal
reduced c
reduced c.peptide
reduced creatinine
reduced csf
reduced delayed
reduced dihydropyrimidine
reduced dystrophin
reduced ejection
reduced electroretinogram
reduced erg
reduced erythrocyte
reduced euglobulin
reduced facial
reduced factor
reduced fat
reduced fertility
reduced fetal
reduced fibroblast
reduced gmp
reduced granulocyte
reduced growth.hormone
reduced hair
reduced head
reduced heart
reduced hemoglobin
reduced hemolytic
reduced hypoxanthine.guanine
reduced iga
reduced igg2
reduced igg
reduced igm
reduced il2ra
reduced immunoglobulin
reduced insulin.like
reduced insulin
reduced intraabdominal
reduced intrathoracic
reduced iris
reduced kininogen
reduced.lack of
reduced lactate
reduced leukocyte
reduced level
reduced lymphocyte
reduced lysosomal
reduced maximal
reduced methionine
reduced mhc
reduced motor
reduced muscle
reduced natural
reduced nerve
reduced nk
reduced number
reduced oct.measured
reduced or
reduced orotidine
reduced pancreatic
reduced phenylalanine
reduced plasma
reduced plasminogen
reduced proportion
reduced protein
reduced prothrombin
reduced proximal
reduced quantity
reduced radioactive
reduced ratio
reduced red
reduced renal
reduced sagittal
reduced serum
reduced sex
reduced size
reduced sperm
reduced subcutaneous
reduced systolic
reduced t4
reduced t
reduced tendon
reduced thyroxin.binding
reduced upper.lower
reduced upper
reduced urinary
reduced visual
reduced vital
reduced vitamin
reduced volume
reduced von
reduced xanthine
reduction in
reduction of
redundant eyelid
redundant neck
redundant nuchal
redundant skin
redundant. wrinkled
refractory anemia
refractory macrocytic
refractory sideroblastic
regenerative activity
regional abnormality
regional left
relative afferent
relatively large
relatively short
relative mandibular
relative short
remnants of
renal acidification
renal artery
renal bicarbonate
renal c3
renal calcium
renal cell
renal chloride
renal collecting
renal cortical
renal corticomedullary
renal cystic
renal dysplasia.
renal failure.
renal failure
renal fanconi
renal functional
renal insufficiency.
renal interstitial
renal juxtaglomerular
renal magnesium
renal medullary
renal pelvic
renal phosphate
renal potassium
renal salt
renal sodium
renal transitional
renal tubular
renal urothelial
repetitive compulsive
repetitive or
resistance to
resorption of
respiratory cilia
respiratory complex
respiratory distress
respiratory distress.
respiratory failure
respiratory function
respiratory infections
respiratory infections.
respiratory insufficiency
respiratory muscle
respiratory system
respiratory tract
response to
restless legs
restricted chest
restricted elbow
restricted hip
restricted large
restricted neck
restrictive behavior.
restrictive deficit
restrictive external
restrictive heart
restrictive lung
restrictive partial
restrictive respiratory
restrictive ventilatory
restrictive ventricular
retained baby
retained deciduous
retained primary
retarded bone
retarded mental
retarded motor
retarded psychomotor
rete ridge
reticular pattern
reticular pigmentary
reticular pigmentation
reticular retinal
reticulated skin
reticulate pigmentation
reticulate skin
reticulonodular pattern
retinal .apos.bone
retinal arterial
retinal arteriolar
retinal artery
retinal astrocytic
retinal bone
retinal capillary
retinal cavernous
retinal cotton
retinal dystrophy
retinal pigmentary
retinal pigment
retinal pigmented
retinal racemose
retinal vascular
retinal vein
retinitis pigmentosa
retinopathy of
retinoschisis involving
retraction of
retrobulbar optic
retrognathia of
retruded bridge
retruded dorsum
retruded nasal
retruded tip
retrusion of
reversed splitting
reversed usual
reverse typical
reversible kidney
reversible renal
reye syndrome.like
rhabdomyolysis with
rhegmatogenous retinal
rheumatoid arthritis.
rheumatoid factor
rhizomelic arm
rhizomelic leg
rhizomelic limb
rhizomelic short
rhizo.meso.acromelic limb
rhomboid or
rhomboid shaped
ribbonlike corneal
rib segmentation
rickets of
ridged cranial
ridging of
right and
right aortic
right atrial
right bundle
right bundle.branch
right coronary
right.sided aortic
right sided
right.sided heart
right unicoronal
right unilambdoid
right ventricular
rightward direction
rigidity of
ringing in
ring iris
rocker bottom
rod cone
rop stage
rop zone
rosette.forming glioneuronal
rotated maxillary
rotated upper
rough bone
rough trabeculation
round back
rounded end
rounded lower
rounded middle
rounded. sloping
round end
round epiphyses
round facial
round humeral
round radial
round retinal
rudimentary 2nd
rudimentary fallopian
rudimentary postaxial
rudimentary to
rudimentary tricuspid
rupture of
saccadic pursuit
saccadic slow
saccadic smooth
saccular abdominal
saccular aortic
saccular conjunctival
saccular descending
sacralization of
sacral segmentation
sacrococcygeal pilonidal
sacroiliac joint
saddle nose
saddle shaped
sagging. redundant
saggy upper
sagittal suture
salivary gland
salmonella bone
salt and
sandal gap
sandwich appearance
sandy hair
sarcomatoid carcinoma
scaling skin
scalloping of
scalp aplasia
scalp hair
scalp hair.
scanty adipose
scanty lower
scapular muscle
scapulohumeral muscular
scarring alopecia
scarring of
scarring or
scar tissue
scheuermann.like vertebral
schwann cell
scleroderma lung
scleroderma of
sclerosis of
sclerosis with
sclerotic costochondral
sclerotic cranial
sclerotic foci
sclerotic forearm
sclerotic humeral
sclerotic ivory
sclerotic radial
sclerotic skull
sclerotic vertebral
screwdriver shaped
scrotum.like labia
sebaceous gland
secondarily generalised
secondary adrenal
secondary alveolar
secondary caesarian
secondary generalized
secondary growth
second degree
second finger
second metatarsal
secretory adrenal
secretory adrenocortical
secretory iga
sectoral retinitis
secundum atrial
segmental additional
segmental myoclonic
segmental peripheral
segmental spinal
seizures due
seizures. febrile.
seizures. generalized.
seizures. generalized
seizures. partial.
seizures. tonic.clonic.
selective proximal
selective tooth
self.mutilation of
senile macular
sense of
sensitivity to
sensorimotor peripheral
sensorimotor polyneuropathy
sensorineural deafness.
sensorineural hearing
sensory and
sensory ataxic
sensory axonal
separated superior
separate origin
septum primum
serous ovarian
serous pericardial
serous retinal
serpiginous crus
serpiginous cutaneous
serpiginous stem
sertoli cell
serum alpha.fetoprotein
serum antimitochrondrial
serum antinuclear
serum protein
setting.sun eye
seventh cranial
severe adenovirus
severe b
severe carpal
severe combined
severe conductive
severe cupped
severe cytomegalovirus
severe delay
severe demyelination
severe epstein
severe expressive
severe failure
severe faltering
severe floppy
severe generalized
severe. generalized
severe global
severe growth
severe hearing
severe hydrops
severe hypoplasia
severe intrauterine
severe lactic
severe limb
severely close
severely dysplastic
severely impaired
severely near
severely reduced
severe mental
severe muscular
severe myopia
severe near
severe neonatal
severe parainfluenza
severe periodontal
severe postnatal
severe prenatal
severe psychomotor
severe receptive
severe recurrent
severe sensorineural
severe short.limb
severe short
severe sun
severe t.cell
severe temper
severe viral
severe visual
severe weight
severly high
sex.limited autosomal
shallow acetabular
shallow anterior
shallow eye
shallow nasolabial
shallow orbital
shallow palmar
shallow palm
shallow supraorbital
shark tooth
shoe.shaped sella
short 1st
short 2nd
short 3rd
short 4th
short 5th
short.absent middle
short and
short attention
short big
short body
short bone
short bridge
short calf
short.chain 3.hydroxyacyl.coenzyme
short chordae
short condylar
short corpus
short. cube
short dental
short distal
shortened 1st
shortened 2nd
shortened 3rd
shortened 4th
shortened 5th
shortened gestation
shortened inner
shortened long
shortened middle
shortened outer
shortened pr
shortened qt
shortened sacroiliac
shortened short
shortening in
shortening of
short femoral
short fetal
short fifth
short finger
short fingers
short first
short foot
short forearm
short fourth
short hard
short iliac
short index
short innermost
short intermamillary
short limb
short.limb dwarfism
short.limbed dwarfism
short lingual
short little
short long
short lower
short mandibular
short metacarpal
short metacarpals
short metatarsal
short middle
short nasal
short neck
shortness of
short of
short opening
short or
short outermost
short outer
short palatine
short palpebral
short pelvis
short phalanges
short phalanx
short pinkie
short pinky
short pointed
short p.r
short proximal
short ring
short sacroiliac
short second
short.segment aganglionic
short septum
short shaft
short stature.
short stepped
short telomere
short terminal
short third
short thumb
short thumbs
short to
short toe
short tongue
short tooth
short.trunk dwarfism
short.trunk dwarfism.
short tubular
short umbilical
short upper
shoulder bone
shoulder flexion
shoulder girdle
shoulder.girdle muscle
shoulder muscle
shovel.shaped maxillary
shovel.shaped upper
shrinking of
sick sinus
silent pituitary
silver.gray hair
simple. cup.shaped
simple febrile
simple fever
simple kidney
simple partial
simplified gyral
simulated distance
single brain
single central
single coronary
single damaged
single fiber
single flexion
single interphalangeal
single isolated
single lineage
single maxillary
single median
single midline
single palmar
single raphe
single transverse
single umbilical
single ventricle
sinoatrial node
sinus venosus
situs inversus
six lumbar
sixth nerve
skeletal maturation
skeletal muscle
skewed maternal
ski jump
skin adnexal
skin appendage
skin dimple
skin fragility
skin groove
skin infections.
skin sulcus
skin tag
skin vascular
skipped heart
slack jawed
slanting of
sleep onset
sleep.wake cycle
sleepy facial
slender distal
slender forearm
slender. gracile
slender humeral
slender innermost
slender long
slender middle
slender outermost
slender proximal
slender shaft
slipped capilal
slipped capital
slipped end
slit.like opening
sloping humeral
sloping metaphysis
sloping radial
sloping ulnar
slow decrease
slow disease
slowed horizontal
slowed nerve
slowed slurred
slow eye
slow growing
slow.growing scalp
slowly progressive
slow nerve
slowness of
slow pupillary
slow rate
slow saccadic
slow speed
slow visual
small 3rd
small abnormally
small.absent pec
small adrenal
small alveolar
small and
small anterior
small baby
small basal
small bone
small bowel
small bridge
small capital
small carpal
small cell
small cerebellar
small cerebral
small cervical
small chest
small. cone
small. conical
small corpus
small cranium
small deciduous
small dilated
small distal
small end
small. enlarged
small epiphyses
small epiphysis
small femoral
small fifth
small first
small flat
small foramen
small forehead
small for
small frontal
small head
small heel
small humeral
small hypothenar
small iliac
small innermost
small internal
small intestinal
small intestine
small kidney
small labia
small lower
small lymph
small male
small mandibular
small middle
small milk
small miniature
small nasal
small neck
small odontoid
small opening
small or
small oral
small outermost
small palpebral
small parathyroid
small pec
small. peg
small pituitary
small platelet
small platelets
small pointed
small. pointed
small posterior
small primary
small proximal
small pulp
small radial
small right
small sacroiliac
small sacrosciatic
small sella
small semicircular
small septum
small shallow
small shoulder
small soft
small superior
small terminal
small thenar
small thumb
small tip
small to
small toe
small tooth
small trapezoid
small twelfth
small upper
small vertebral
small vessel
small yellow
smooth lingual
smooth muscle
smooth septal
smooth surface
smooth swollen
snowflake retinal
snowflake vitreoretinal
social and
socially inappropriate
soft. doughy
softening of
soft tissue
soft.tissue ossification
solitary bladder
solitary congenital
solitary median
solitary midline
solitary renal
solitary splenic
somnolent facial
space between
sparse.absent scalp
sparse and
sparse anterior
sparse axillary
sparse body
sparse bone
sparse facial
sparse lateral
sparse lower
sparse medial
sparse or
sparse pubic
sparse scalp.
sparse scalp
sparse. thin
sparse to
sparse upper
spasms of
spasms on
spasticity of
spastic paraplegia.
spatulate terminal
specific antibody
specific anti.polysaccharide
specific learning
specific personality
specific pneumococcal
speckled calcification
speckled calcifications
speckled corneal
speckled lentiginous
speech and
speech articulation
speed of
spermatic cord
spermatogenesis maturation
sperm head
sperm mid.piece
sperm neck
sperm tail
sphincter of
spider slender
spider veins
spina bifida
spinal arteriovenous
spinal canal
spinal cord
spinal fluid
spinal meningeal
spinal muscle
spinal muscular
spinal nerve
spinal neurenteric
spinal stenosis
spindle cell
spinocerebellar tract
spinous keratoses
splanchnic vein
splayed end
splayed superior
splitting of
spoken word
spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia
spondylolisthesis at
spondylolysis and
spontaneous abortion.
spontaneous closure
spontaneous collapsed
spontaneous esophageal
spontaneous hemolytic
spontaneous joint
spontaneous milk
spontaneous neonatal
spontaneous pain
spontaneous platelet
spontaneous. recurrent
spontaneous rupture
spontaneous tooth
spoon shaped
sporadic excessive
spots in
spotty decreased
spotty increased
spreading of
spurred humeral
spurred metaphyses
spurred metaphysis
spurred radial
spurred ulnar
spurred wide
spurring of
spurs of
squamous cell
squamous skin
squared iliac
squared off
squared superior
square facial
square humeral
square iliac
square metaphysis
square pelvis
squaring of
s.shaped calf
s.shaped opening
s.shaped palpebral
stage 1
stage 2
stage 3
stage 4
stage 5
st. anthony.apos.s
staphylococcus aureus
starry sky
static congenital
stature below
steatosis of
steep acetabular
steep corneal
steep mandibular
stenosis of
stenotic external
stereotyped. repetitive
stereotypical body
stereotypical hand
stereotypical motor
sternal ossification
sternal punctate
steroid.resistant nephrotic
stiffening of
stiff hinge
stiff interphalangeal
stippled calcification
stippled chondral
stippled ossification
stippling of
storage in
straddling atrioventricular
straw colored
streak increase
streaks of
streaky metaphyseal
stress.infection.induced lactic
stress urinary
stretchable chest
stretchable face
stretched and
striae cutis
striatal t2
structural anomalies
structural foot
structural kidney
structural renal
struvite kidney
st segment
stye of
subacute deterioration
subacute progressive
subarterial ventricular
subcapsular lenticular
subchorionic septal
subclinical abnormal
subcortical cerebral
subcortical white
subependymal giant.cell
subependymal gray
subependymal neuronal
subepidermal blistering
subepithelial corneal
subfoveal choroidal
sub.inner limiting
subluxation involving
subluxation of
submucosal cleft
submucous cleft
submucous labial
subperiosteal bone
subpleural interstitial
subretinal hyporeflective
subretinal pigment
subsarcolemmal accumulations
substantia nigra
subtentorial periventricular
subungual hyperkeratotic
subvalvular aortic
sudden cardiac
sudden central
sudden episodic
sudden loss
sudomotor sympathetic
sulfite oxidase
sun sensitivity
sun setting
superficial corneal
superficial dermal
superficial episcleral
superficial perivascular
superficial spreading
superior.inferior ventricles
superior lens
superiorly displaced
superior oblique
superior pectus
superior rectus
superior rib
superior subluxated
superior vena
supernormal dark.adapted
supernumary cranial
supernumary hair
supernumerary bones
supernumerary carpal
supernumerary maxillary
supernumerary metacarpal
supernumerary oral
supernumerary vertebral
suppressed plasma
supracardiac total
supracristal ventricular
supranuclear downgaze
supranuclear gaze
supranuclear upgaze
suprascapular nerve
suprasellar arachnoid
supravalvular aortic
supravalvular mitral
supraventricular tachycardia
susceptibility to
swan neck.like
sweat gland
swelling around
swelling of
swiss cheese
swollen lymph
symetrical distal
symmetrical. oval
symmetrical progressive
symmetrical. proximal
symmetrical rhizomelic
symmetric. concentric.
symmetric great
symmetric lesions
symmetric mesomelic
symmetric peripheral
symmetric proximal
symmetric spinal
symmetric syndactyly.
symphalagism of
symphalangism affecting
symphalangism of
symptoms begin
symptoms present
syndactyly. 2.3
syndactyly 2nd.3rd
syndactyly of
syndactyly toes
syndrome of
synechiae of
synechia of
synostosis involving
synostosis of
synovial chondromatosis
syphilitic permanent
syphilitic primary
sysnostosis of
systemic artery
systemic capillary
systemic lupus
systolic heart
sytolic anterior
t2 hypointense
talipes cavus
talipes equinovarus.
talipes foot
tall and
tall lumbar
tall shaped
tall vertebral
tapered distal
tapered finger
tapered long
tapered outermost
tapered phalanx
tapering of
tapering pointed
tapetal.like fundal
tarsal bone
tarsal delayed
t.cell acute
t cell
teeth present
teeth with
teeth without
tegumentary leishmaniasis
telangiectases in
telangiectases of
telangiectases producing
telangiectases. random
telangiectasia macularis
telangiectasia of
telangiectasia on
teleangiectases of
teleangiectasia of
temporal artery
temporal cortical
temporal gray
temporal optic
temporal skin
temporomandibular joint
tendency to
tented upper
teratoma of
terminal phalangeal
tertiary adrenal
tessier cleft
tessier facial
tessier number
test based
testicular adrenal
testicular and
testicular regression
tetralogy of
tetrology of
thalamic arteriovenous
thalamic hypometabolism
thenar muscle
the presence
thiamine.responsive megaloblastic
thick alveolar
thick anterior
thick cerebellar
thick cerebral
thick corpus
thickened achilles
thickened alveolar
thickened aortic
thickened but
thickened cortex
thickened cortices
thickened cranial
thickened. discolored
thickened elastic
thickened folds
thickened nuchal
thickened palms
thickened skin
thickened skull
thickened superior
thickening of
thick. flared
thick growth
thick lower
thick nasal
thick palms
thick paranasal
thick septum
thick skin
thick skull
thick tissue
thick upper
thick vermilion
thigh muscle
thimble.shaped middle
thin anteverted
thin. atrophic
thin base
thin bone
thin bony
thin corpus
thin cranial
thin diaphyses
thin dorsum
thin ear
thin glomerular
thin gracile
thin. gracile
thin hair
thin hypoplastic
thin innermost
thin long
thin lower
thin metacarpal
thin metatarsal
thin myocardium
thin nasal
thinning and
thinning of
thin proximal
thin scalp
thin septum
thin shaft
thin. sparse
thin tip
thin upper
thin vermilion
thin vestibular
third degree
third.degree heart
third heart
thoracic aorta
thoracic aortic
thoracic cystic
thoracic ectopia
thoracic situs
thoracoabdominal ectopia
thoracoabdominal wall
thoracocervical ectopia
thoracolumbar gibbus
thoracolumbar interpediculate
three rows
thumbs hypoplastic
thymic hormone
thymic hypoplasia
thyroglossal duct
thyroid atypical
thyroid cancer.
thyroid c
thyroid defect
thyroid follicular
thyroid gland
thyroid hormone
thyroid macrofollicular
thyroid microfollicular
thyroid papillary
thyroid stimulating
thyroid.stimulating hormone
thyrotoxicosis from
thyrotoxicosis with
tibial arterial
tibial bowing
tibial deviation
tibialis muscle
tibial metaphyseal
tiger tail
tight achilles
tight lingual
tightly closed
tightly curved
tightness in
tilted lower
tilted upper
toe extensor
toe syndactyly.
tombstone.shaped innermost
tombstone.shaped proximal
tongue.like lumbar
tongue sticking
too much
tooth enamel
tooth mass
tooth with
tooth within
top1 antibody
topoisomerase .dna.
topoisomerase i
torsade de
torsades de
torsion of
tortuosity of
tortuous carotid
tortuous cerebral
tortuous retinal
total absence
total anomalous
total colonic
total immunoglobulin
total internal
total intestinal
tower cranium
tower skull
towhead .hair
toxemia of
tracheal ectopic
tracheal tug
tractional retinal
tragal bridge
transient decrease
transient global
transient hearing
transient hypogammaglobulinemia
transient ischemic
transient leukemia
transient myeloproliferative
transient neonatal
transient nephrotic
transient psychotic
transient pulmonary
transient swelling
transient unilateral
transitional atrioventricular
transitional cell
transitional palmar
transitional renal
transposition of
transthyretin cardiac
transudative pleural
transverse deficiency
transverse earlobe
transverse excess
transverse facial
transverse hyperplasia
transverse hypoplasia
transverse insufficiency
transverse maxillary
transverse metaphyseal
transverse palmar
transverse vaginal
trapezoidal distal
trapezoidal shaped
treacher collins
trembling eye
tremor at
tremor by
tremor of
tremors in
triangle shaped
triangular bones
triangular cranium
triangular end
triangular epiphyses
triangular epiphysis
triangular facial
triangular index
triangular innermost
triangular long
triangular nasal
triangular nuclear
triangular proximal
triangular shaped
triangular.shaped open
triangular skull
triangular thumb
trichiasis of
tricuspid valve
trigged by
triggered by
triphalangy of
triple row
triplication of
trochlear nerve
trophic changes
trophic limb
trouble remembering
true distance
truncal obesity
tsh deficient
ttr cardiac
tubular basement
tubular metacarpal
tubular phosphate
tubulointerstitial renal
tumor of
tumors of
tumours of
turned upper
t.wave inversion
twelfth rib
twin to
twisted blood
twisted cerebral
twisted fallopian
twisted upper
twitching of
two carpal
two.raphe bicuspid
two underdeveloped
tympanic nerve
type 1
type 2
type 3
type 4
type a1
type a2
type a3
type a4
type a5
type a
type b
type c
type d
type e
type i
type ii
type iii
type iv
type v
type vi
typical absence
typical atrial
ubiquitin.positive cerebral
ulnar angulation
ulnar deviated
ulnar deviation
ulnar dislocation
ulnar metaphyseal
ulnar radial
umbilical cord
umbilical vein
unaided visual
unaware of
unbalanced atrioventricular
unchanging facial
uncontrollable movement
uncontrolled eye
uncoordinated eye
under.depression in
underdeveloped 2nd.5th
underdeveloped 5th
underdeveloped.absent pec
underdeveloped aortic
underdeveloped calf
underdeveloped cervical
underdeveloped chest
underdeveloped crus
underdeveloped dental
underdeveloped ear
underdeveloped fallopian
underdeveloped female
underdeveloped fetal
underdeveloped fifth
underdeveloped fingernail
underdeveloped first
underdeveloped frontal
underdeveloped heel
underdeveloped inferior
underdeveloped inner
underdeveloped innermost
underdeveloped iris
underdeveloped kidney
underdeveloped left
underdeveloped lower
underdeveloped lung
underdeveloped lymphatic
underdeveloped major
underdeveloped male
underdeveloped mandibular
underdeveloped middle
underdeveloped nasal
underdeveloped nasolabial
underdeveloped nasopharyngeal
underdeveloped olfactory
underdeveloped optic
underdeveloped outermost
underdeveloped parathyroid
underdeveloped pec
underdeveloped pituitary
underdeveloped pulmonary
underdeveloped pupil
underdeveloped right
underdeveloped shoulder
underdeveloped small
underdeveloped spinal
underdeveloped stem
underdeveloped superior
underdeveloped supraorbital
underdeveloped sweat
underdeveloped tear
underdeveloped tricuspid
underdeveloped twelfth
underdeveloped upper
underdeveloped vaginal
underdeveloped ventral
underdevelopment of
underfolded superior
undermodelled forearm
undermodelled hand
underorbital skin
undetectable dark.adapted
undetectable light.adapted
undetectable light.
undetectable pattern
undetectable visual
undeveloped small
unequal eye
unequal nostril
unequal pupil
unequal sides
unequal size
unerupted dentition
unerupted teeth
uneven craniofacial
uneven increase
uneven lower
uneven nostril
uneven sides
uneven upper
unfavorable response
unguarded tricuspid
uni. and
unicameral bone
unicuspid aortic
unifocal splenic
unilateral absence
unilateral alveolar
unilateral aplasia
unilateral breast
unilateral chest
unilateral cleft
unilateral clonic
unilateral conductive
unilateral coronal
unilateral external
unilateral facial
unilateral hypoplasia
unilateral kidney
unilateral lambdoid
unilateral lung
unilateral multifocal
unilateral narrow
unilateral paralysis
unilateral primary
unilateral pulmonary
unilateral radial
unilateral renal
unilateral ulnar
unilateral vertebral
unilateral vestibular
unilateral vocal
unilateral wrist
unilocular splenic
univentricular heart
unopened atrioventricular
unopened tear
unopened tricuspid
unossified vertebral
unregulated immune
unroofed coronary
unstable walking.
unusal lung
unusual breathing
unusual facial
unusual hairline
unusually long
upper airway
upper and
upper extremity
upper eyelid
upper front
upper jaw
upper limb
upper.limb metaphyseal
upper lip
upper motor
upper respiratory
upper teeth
upslanted palpebral
upslanting palpebral
upswept frontal
upturned corners
upturned nasal
upturned oral
upward angulation
upward slanted
upward slanting
ureter. cancer
ureteropelvic junction
ureterovesical junction
urethral atresia.
urethral sphincter
urgency frequency
uric acid
urinary bladder
urinary excretion
urinary glycosaminoglycan
urinary tract
urinary xanthine
urine concentrating
urine concentration
urogenital sinus
u.shaped upper
uterine arteriovenous
uterine cervix
u wave
vacuolated blood
vacuum.assisted vaginal
vagal nerve
vaginal birth
vaginal clear
vaginal fish
valgus foot
valgus hand
valgus position
valvular aortic
valvular heart
variability of
variable degree
variable phenotypic
variable progression
variation in
varus deformity
varying degree
vascular abnormalities
vascular malformation
vascular remnant
vascular ring
vascular skin
vasculitis in
vas deferens
vaulted pontine
vein of
velamentous cord
velvety skin
venous malformation
venous varicosities
ventilator dependence
ventral shortening
ventricular escape
ventricular preexcitation
ventricular septal
ventricular septum
verrucous cell
vertebral arch
vertebral artery
vertebral body
vertebral compression
vertebral coronal
vertebral endplate
vertebral segmentation
vertebral tongue.like
vertical chin
vertical deficiency
vertical elongation
vertical enlargement
vertical excess
vertical facial
vertical forehead
vertical gaze
vertical hyperplasia
vertical hypoplasia
vertical insufficiency
vertical linear
vertically incomitant
vertical menton
vertical orbital
vertical overgrowth
vertical shortening
vertical supranuclear
vertical vaginal
very frequent
very late
very long
very poor
very rare
very short
vesicoallantoic abdominal
vestibular function
vestibular saccular
vestibular schwann
vii th
villous hypertrophy
violet lip
viral infection.induced
visible corneal
vision loss.
visual acuity
visual field
visual fixation
visual gaze
visual impairment
visual loss.
visually enhanced
visual pathway
vitamin a
vitamin b12
vitamin b1
vitamin b2
vitamin b3
vitamin b5
vitamin b6
vitamin b8
vitamin b9
vitamin c
vitamin d
vitamin e
vitamin k
vitelliform.like macular
vitelliform.like retinal
vitelliform macular
vitreous amyloid
vitreous inflammatory
vocal cord
vocal impairment.
von graefe
von meyenburg
von willebrand
v.shaped frontal
vulval squamous
vulval varicose
walking on
warfarin.induced skin
warm reactive
wasting of
weak extraocular
weak frontalis
weakness due
weakness of
weak or
webbed 1.5
webbed 1st.2nd
webbed 1st.3rd
webbed 1st.4th
webbed 1st.5th
webbed 2nd.
webbed 2nd.3rd
webbed 2nd.4th
webbed 2nd.5th
webbed 2nd
webbed 3rd.4th
webbed 3rd.5th
webbed 4th.5th
webbed fingers
webbed first
webbed index.
webbed index
webbed second.
webbed skin
webbed third.
webbed thumb
wedge.shaped 11th
wedge.shaped 12th
wedge shaped
weight faltering
weight less
whistling facial
white blood
white discoloration
white lesion
white mater
white matter
white pupillary
white scaling
white scaly
whites of
white spot
white streaks.specks
wide 1st
wide 2nd
wide 3rd
wide 4th
wide alveolar
wide anterior
wide based
wide base
wide big
wide bone
wide bones
wide bridge
wide.broad humeral
wide.broad index
wide.broad metaphyses
wide.broad middle
wide.broad proximal
wide.broad thumb
wide calf
wide capital
wide carpal
wide. carp.shaped
wide costochondral
wide cranial
wide.cupped costochondral
wide diaphyses
wide digital
wide distal
wide dorsum
wide end
wide epiphyseal
wide epiphyses
wide femoral
wide foramen
wide forearm
wide gap
wide gaps
wide gum
wide hamate
wide hand
wide head
wide humeral
wide index
wide innermost
wide intermamillary
wide lateral
wide long
widely patent
widely spaced
widely.spaced maxillary
wide metaphysis
wide middle
wide midline
wide nasal
wide neck
widened alveolar
widened atrophic
widened cavum
widened cerebellar
widened cerebral
widened costochondral
widened cranial
widened distal
widened. distorted
widened femoral
widened gap
widened interpedicular
widened interpupillary
widened long
widened metacarpal
widened metatarsal
widened nasal
widened outermost
widened posterior
widened proximal
widened sacrosciatic
widened subarachnoid
widened vesitbular
widening of
wide open
wide opening
wide outermost
wide palpebral
wide proximal
wide pubic
wide radial
wide radioulnar
wide rib
wide septum
wide shaft
wide space
wide symphysis
wide tip
wide tips
wide toe
wide tufts
wide ulnar
wide unciform
wide upper
williams factor
williams.fitzgerald.flaujeac factor
wind.swept deformity
winged shoulder
with the
woolly scalp
worsened by
wrinkled palms
wrinkled skin
wrinkles around
wrist bone.ankle
wrist flexion
xanthine dehydrogenase
xanthoma plamare
xanthomas of
xanthoma striatum
x.linked dominant
x.linked recessive
xy female
yellow.brown discoloration
yellow.brown discolored
yellow.brown tooth
yellowing of
yellowish cloudy
yellow skin
yellow subcutaneous
yellow.white lesions
young adult
y.shaped central
y.shaped long
zebra stripe
zonule of
